Francois Hollande has said France will welcome 24,000 refugees as part of an EU-wide plan that "can and will" bring the crisis under control.
Speaking at the start of a live TV press conference, the French president said his country has a duty to take in those fleeing war and persecution, and is ready to do so.
His comments came as David Cameron prepared to outline Britain's plan to tackle the refugee crisis.
The Prime Minister was expected to say that the UK would take "thousands" more asylum-seekers as part of a "fundamental rethink" of its role as a place of refuge.

Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton said Tuesday she is "sorry" for using a private email server, going further than ever before to express remorse for the controversy that has rocked her campaign.
"I'm sorry about that," Clinton said in an at-times emotional interview on ABC News' "World News Tonight with David Muir," acknowledging that she should have used separate accounts for work and personal business. "I take responsibility and I am trying to be as transparent as I possibly can."
Clinton later issued a slightly different apology in the interview, saying she was "sorry that it has raised all these questions."

Tesla’s Model S P85D acts like a car built on the mantra “Waiting is for suckers.” This 691-hp battery-electric vehicle is for the impatient, the toe tappers, and the watch checkers. Tesla claims that the P85D is capable of reaching 60 mph in 3.2 seconds, shaving 1.4 seconds from the rear-drive P85 it replaces. To get down to that number, Tesla added a 221-hp electric motor to drive the front wheels. This secondary unit works in conjunction with the P85D’s 470-hp rear motor to provide four-wheel drive. A similar two-motor setup will be available on all Model S versions starting this spring, and the upcoming Model X SUV also will share the system. But for now, the most snow-friendly Tesla is the top-shelf P85D.

But being now interrupted, he put up the image; and pretty soon, going to the table, took up a large book there, and placing it on his lap began counting the pages with deliberate regularity; at every fiftieth page—as I fancied—stopping a moment, looking vacantly around him, and giving utterance to a long-drawn gurgling whistle of astonishment. He would then begin again at the next fifty; seeming to commence at number one each time, as though he could not count more than fifty, and it was only by such a large number of fifties being found together, that his astonishment at the multitude of pages was excited.

Rapid as had been Villefort's glance, it had served to give him an idea of the man he was about to interrogate. He had recognized intelligence in the high forehead, courage in the dark eye and bent brow, and frankness in the thick lips that showed a set of pearly teeth. Villefort's first impression was favorable; but he had been so often warned to mistrust first impulses, that he applied the maxim to the impression, forgetting the difference between the two words. He stifled, therefore, the feelings of compassion that were rising, composed his features, and sat down, grim and sombre, at his desk. An instant after Dantes entered. He was pale, but calm and collected, and saluting his judge with easy politeness, looked round for a seat, as if he had been in M. Morrel's salon. It was then that he encountered for the first time Villefort's look,—that look peculiar to the magistrate, who, while seeming to read the thoughts of others, betrays nothing of his own.

Bennett grew up in a poor family, in circumstances made more difficult by the Depression and by the death of his father when he was 9. While he attended the High School for the Industrial Arts in New York City, Bennett began working as a singing waiter. After serving in the Army infantry during World War II, he took advantage of the G.I. Bill and studied singing and acting at the American Theatre Wing. During this period his vocal coach Mimi Spear offered some advice that he took to heart: Don't imitate other singers; emulate instrumentalists instead.

"Here you go, Harry," Hermione said as she handed back his Potions essay. "Just two things that could be fixed. I don't think boar's teeth is correct in the second part, nor honeydew correct in the last part."
Harry scowled at the parchment. "Thanks," he said and pulled out his textbooks. He really wanted to be done with it. The temptation to decide it didn't matter enough warred with the notion of giving Snape the pleasure of marking him wrong more times than he would get to if Harry fixed his essay. He sighed and flipped to the relevant chapter. Sixth year Potions was more interesting than previous years, but much harder.
"More tea?" Ron asked him.
Without looking up Harry held out his cup. "Thanks."

My spirit is still not the same since I returned to Brooklyn from the Black Lives Matter (BLM) Freedom Ride to Ferguson, MO on Labor Day weekend of 2014. Alongside 600 Black people from across the nation, we delved into the emotionally charged movement ready to stand and work for tangible change. We raised our hands and voices in unified chants of “Don’t Shoot”…We made promises to all who would listen to the timbre of righteous rage in our voices, that if there was no justice, there would be no peace. The hugs, laughs, and smiles between us were just as urgent, just as pressing, just as powerful as the fists, the tears, and the collective vigor that stirred in our hearts as we chanted “Black. Lives. Matter!” at the top of our lungs from beginning to end.

Truvada has been criticized as a “party drug,” and concerns have been raised that people who use Truvada may use it in lieu of condoms, even though Truvada only prevents HIV and not other sexually transmitted infections. And, unfortunately, this turned out to be the case – 30 percent of the participants contracted a different STI within a year, 50 percent contracted an STI within two years, and while 56 percent of participants said that their use of condoms remained unchanged, 41 percent said that they used condoms less.

The South Pole Telescope (SPT) and the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment (APEX) joined together in a “Very Long Baseline Interferometry” experiment for the first time in January 2015. The two telescopes together observed two sources — the black hole at the centre of the Milky Way galaxy, Sagittarius A*, and the black hole at the centre of the nearby galaxy Centaurus A — and combined their signals to synthesize a telescope 7,000 kilometres across (yellow line). With this success, the SPT joins the Event Horizon Telescope array, which connects APEX, the Large Millimeter Telescope in Mexico, the Submillimeter Telescope in Arizona, the Combined Array for Research in Millimeter-wave Astronomy in California, the Submillimeter Array and James Clerk Maxwell Telescope in Hawaii, and the Institute for Radio Astronomy Millimetrique (IRAM) telescopes in Spain and France (not visible).

Based on the life of the United States’ first Secretary of the Treasury, the musical Hamilton gives a modern spin to the story of one of the country’s most prominent founding fathers. This innovative musical was written by Lin-Manuel Miranda, creator of the Tony Award winner In the Heights, and it tells of Alexander Hamilton’s rise to political power through a contemporary blend of hip-hop, rap, and R&B. Take advantage of the chance to see this one-of-a-kind historical musical with an order of Hamilton tickets from our marketplace. If you need help choosing your seats, call our sales team at 866.848.8499 or connect to a trained agent on Live Chat.

One-eighth of the whole population were colored slaves, not distributed generally over the Union, but localized in the southern part of it. These slaves constituted a peculiar and powerful interest. All knew that this interest was somehow the cause of the war. To strengthen, perpetuate, and extend this interest was the object for which the insurgents would rend the Union even by war, while the Government claimed no right to do more than to restrict the territorial enlargement of it. Neither party expected for the war the magnitude or the duration which it has already attained. Neither anticipated that the cause of the conflict might cease with or even before the conflict itself should cease. Each looked for an easier triumph, and a result less fundamental and astounding. Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God, and each invokes His aid against the other.

You will probably find it difficult to apply these suggestions all the time. I know because I wrote the book, and yet frequently I found it difficult to apply everything I advocated. For example, when you are displeased, it is much easier to criticize and condemn than it is to try to understand the other person's viewpoint. It is frequently easier to find fault than to find praise. It is more natural to talk about what vou want than to talk about what the other person wants. And so on, So, as you read this book, remember that you are not merely trying to acquire information. You are attempting to form new habits. Ah yes, you are attempting a new way of life. That will require time and persistence and daily application.

Sometimes we'd have that whole river all to ourselves for the longest time. Yonder was the banks and the islands, across the water; and maybe a spark—which was a candle in a cabin window; and sometimes on the water you could see a spark or two—on a raft or a scow, you know; and maybe you could hear a fiddle or a song coming over from one of them crafts. It's lovely to live on a raft.  We had the sky up there, all speckled with stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss about whether they was made or only just happened.  Jim he allowed they was made, but I allowed they happened; I judged it would have took too long to make so many.  Jim said the moon could a laid them; well, that looked kind of reasonable, so I didn't say nothing against it, because I've seen a frog lay most as many, so of course it could be done. We used to watch the stars that fell, too, and see them streak down.  Jim allowed they'd got spoiled and was hove out of the nest.
