Its first attempt to develop genetically engineered grass ended disastrously for the Scotts Miracle-Gro Company. The grass escaped into the wild from test plots in Oregon in 2003, dooming the chances that the government would approve the product for commercial use.
Yet Scotts is once again developing genetically modified grass that would need less mowing, be a deeper green and be resistant to damage from the popular weedkiller Roundup. But this time the grass will not need federal approval before it can be field-tested and marketed.
Scotts and several other companies are developing genetically modified crops using techniques that either are outside the jurisdiction of the Agriculture Department or use new methods — like “genome editing” — that were not envisioned when the regulations were created.
The department has said, for example, that it has no authority over a new herbicide-resistant canola, a corn that would create less pollution from livestock waste, switch grass tailored for biofuel production, and even an ornamental plant that glows in the dark. The trend alarms critics of biotech crops, who say genetic modification can have unintended effects, regardless of the process.

U.S. judge says that Arizona "dreamers" may keep licenses.

The nuclear accord announced by Iran, the United States and five other world powers on Thursday was surprisingly specific and placed limits on Tehran’s nuclear program for the next 15 years.
Its central achievement was to reduce Iran’s existing stockpile of nuclear fuel and its capacity to produce new fuel to a level that would ensure it would take at least a year for Iran to manufacture enough fuel for an atomic weapon if it chose to violate the accord.
It took two years of negotiations, capped by eight tumultuous days and nights of talks that appeared on the brink of breakdown several times.
Negotiators produced a framework for a comprehensive agreement that parties say they intend to draft by June 30. If that final deal is reached and signed, it will be the most significant accord between Iran and major world powers since its Islamic revolution in 1979.

When they arrived in Jerusalem, Jesus went to the Temple and began to drive out all those who were buying and selling. He overturned the tables of the moneychangers and the stools of those who sold pigeons, and he would not let anyone carry anything through the temple courtyards. He then taught the people: “It is written in the Scriptures that God said, ‘My Temple will be called a house of prayer for the people of all nations.’ But you have turned it into a hideout for thieves!” The chief priests and the teachers of the Law heard of this, so they began looking for some way to kill Jesus.

For a long time doctors suspected that the immune system could affect certain cancers. Even before the immune system was well understood, William Coley, MD, a New York surgeon, first noted that getting an infection after surgery seemed to help some cancer patients. In the late 1800s, he began treating cancer patients by infecting them with certain kinds of bacteria, which came to be known as Coley toxins. Although he had some success, his technique was overshadowed when other forms of cancer treatment, such as radiation therapy, came into use.
Since then, doctors have learned a great deal about the immune system and how it might be used to treat cancer. In the last few decades immunotherapy has become an important part of treating some types of cancer. Newer types of immune treatments are now being studied for many other types, and they’ll impact how we treat cancer in the future.

In 2012, Ted Cruz was elected as the 34th U.S. Senator from Texas. A passionate fighter for limited government, economic growth, and the Constitution, Ted won a decisive victory in both the Republican primary and the general election, despite having never before been elected to office.
Propelled by tens of thousands of grassroots activists across Texas, Ted’s election has been described by the Washington Post as “the biggest upset of 2012 . . . a true grassroots victory against very long odds.”
National Review has described Ted as “a great Reaganite hope,” columnist George Will has described him as “as good as it gets,” and the National Federation of Independent Business characterized his election as “critical to the small-business owners in [Texas, and], also to protecting free enterprise across America.”

When Gov. Jerry Brown of California imposed mandatory cutbacks in water use earlier this month in response to a severe drought, he warned that the state was facing an uncertain future. “This is the new normal,” he said, “and we’ll have to learn to cope with it.”
The drought, now in its fourth year, is by many measures the worst since the state began keeping records of temperature and precipitation in the 1800s. And with a population now close to 39 million and a thirsty, $50 billion agricultural industry, California has been affected more by this drought than by any previous one.
But scientists say that in the more ancient past, California and the Southwest occasionally had even worse droughts — so-called megadroughts — that lasted decades. At least in parts of California, in two cases in the last 1,200 years, these dry spells lingered for up to two centuries.

The first wave of Apple Watch reviews landed a week ago, and the next day “mixed” was the operative word in nearly every round-up, from HuffPo to the LA Times.
Above Avalon’s Neil Cybart, who read every review he could find to the end, begs to differ.
“Out of 21 reviews, 14 were pretty much glowing recommendations while 3 were on the fence… and 4 had more concerns than positives.”
The reviewers, he concluded, obliged to balance pros and cons, were grading on a curve.
The Macalope, Macworld’s resident media critic, agrees.
"Witness The Verge, which said the Apple Watch was ‘easily the nicest smartwatch available’, except they gave it a 7 after having given the Motorola 360 an 8.1.”

There are a lot of people hearing alarm bells going off in their heads with the recent announcement of multiple Walmart Supercenters closing, all at once, in multiple states (some of which are states being prepared for the Jade Helm military exercises), all claiming a "plumbing" issue, with recent news of some type of underground tunnel projects involving Walmart and DHS.
Further research and a connection of dots, much like putting the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle together, shows a terrifying picture emerging as each new piece is added, where we see a definite China connection, Walmart and Caterpillar both shuttering facilities, and both listed by USNORTHCOM in 2009 as part of a "critical infrastructure" and as part of their disaster response coordination.

They were standing under a tree, each with an arm round the other's neck, and Alice knew which was which in a moment, because one of them had `DUM' embroidered on his collar, and the other `DEE.' `I suppose they've each got "TWEEDLE" round at the back of the collar,' she said to herself.
They stood so still that she quite forgot they were alive, and she was just looking round to see if the word "TWEEDLE" was written at the back of each collar, when she was startled by a voice coming from the one marked `DUM.'
`If you think we're wax-works,' he said, `you ought to pay, you know. Wax-works weren't made to be looked at for nothing, Nohow!'

Update your décor with a nod to the past by adding these marvelous modern chairs to your décor. The generously wide swooping back of the stacking chairs not only supports your back comfortably, but it allows the chairs to be stacked atop one another for quick and easy storage. This means that these modern chairs are not only a great addition to your home, but if you're looking for occasional seating, they do the job marvelously and then tuck away for storage until they're needed again.

ISOLATED SEVERE STORMS ARE POSSIBLE THIS AFTERNOON. THE MAIN
THREATS WILL BE LARGE HAIL...DAMAGING WINDS...AND HEAVY RAINFALL
WHICH MAY LEAD TO AREAS OF FLOODING.
A COMPLEX OF STORMS WILL LIKELY IMPACT AREAS NORTH OF INTERSTATE
20 THIS EVENING AND OVERNIGHT WITH A THREAT FOR HEAVY RAINFALL
WHICH MAY RESULT TO FLASH FLOODING. HAIL AND STRONG WINDS WILL
ALSO BE POSSIBLE. A FLASH FLOOD WATCH IS IN EFFECT ALONG AND
NORTH OF A LINE FROM GRAHAM TO MCKINNEY THROUGH 4 AM.

The Fried Liver Attack is a continuation of the Two Knights Defense. It is an aggressive gambit where white gives up a knight in exchange for poor king safety for black. This attack has not been proven decisive, especially under slower time controls, and in fact, Crafty (a popular chess engine), gives black a significant advantage in the final position shown. But it can be effective in a quick game against a weaker player.
One thing to note regarding this attack, black's fifth move, as shown, is typically regarded as a mistake. Many books, such as "Modern Chess Openings 14th edition" suggest Na5 for black's fifth move. After Qf3+, black probably will protect the knight with his king since other moves let white take it and white will be up a pawn with a good position. If black decides to do that then it will be under great pressure with Nc3, with white having a good position.

The sharp whistled call of the Black Phoebe is a typical sound along creeks and ponds in the southwest. The birder who explores such areas is likely to see the bird perched low over the water, slowly wagging its tail, then darting out in rapid flight to snap up an insect just above the water's surface. Related to the familiar Eastern Phoebe of eastern North America, this species has a much wider range, living along streams from California to Argentina.
Forages by watching from a perch and darting out to catch insects, often just above water. Catches insects in mid-air, or may hover while picking them from foliage or sometimes from water's surface. May also take insects from the ground, especially in cool weather. Indigestible parts of insects are coughed up as pellets. Male and female maintain separate feeding territories in winter.

You agree that you will pay for all products you purchase through the Services, and that Apple may charge your payment method for any products purchased and for any additional amounts (including any taxes and late fees, as applicable) that may be accrued by or in connection with your Account. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TIMELY PAYMENT OF ALL FEES AND FOR PROVIDING APPLE WITH A VALID PAYMENT METHOD FOR PAYMENT OF ALL FEES.
Your total price will include the price of the product plus any applicable sales tax; such sales tax is based on the bill-to address and the sales tax rate in effect at the time you download the product. We will charge tax only in states where digital goods are taxable.

This is the part that you never get to see on TV and in the lovely wedding photos – the harsh battle for the prenup and the crazy clauses that end up in such agreements, especially if both the partners stand to lose a lot in case of a divorce. Angelina Jolie finally married Brad Pitt in a secret French ceremony, but not before she made him sign a prenuptial agreement which also includes an adultery clause.
Radar reports that Angelina was “heavily encouraged by her lawyers” to add an adultery clause in their prenuptial agreement, which he finally signed off on. An insider revealed the conditions of the clause, “If Brad gets too serious with another woman while they are married, she'll get primary custody if they split.”

Explore four of Europe’s most enchanting countries along the storied Danube River; Austria, Germany, Hungary and Slovakia. See the range of architectural wonders in Budapest and Bratislava, sail through the spectacular Wachau Valley, and take a tour of the 900-year-old baroque Benedictine abbey at Melk on this amazing 8-day itinerary.
Discover the natural beauty of former East Germany’s dramatic landscape on this 10-day Elbe River cruise. Witness the opulence of Saxon monarchs as you stroll through their palaces and gardens; sail between the sandstone cliffs of Germany’s “Saxon Switzerland.” Your journey is bookended by nights in multicultural Berlin and beautiful Prague.

The first time we see Michael Keaton in his tighty-whities in “Birdman,” it’s from behind. His character, a formerly high-flying movie star, is sitting in the lotus position in his dressing room of a historic Broadway theatre, only he’s levitating above the ground. Bathed in sunlight streaming in from an open window, he looks peaceful. But a voice inside his head is growling, grumbling, gnawing at him grotesquely about matters both large and small.
Keaton gets to toy with his persona a bit–as well as acknowledge how comparatively quiet his career has been in recent years–but seeing him in seasoned form provides its own joy. He’s still hyper-verbal and playful and he can still be amusing and lacerating in his delivery, but there’s a wry wistfulness and even a desperation in the mix now that’s achingly poignant.

This stunning ocean-view home is located on a high cul-de-sac street in a quiet neighborhood setting less than 8 minutes to the beach. You are very close to world-renowned beach activities, a great selection of restaurants, shopping and museums.
The home is decorated with a southwestern flair, with paintings and antiques by local artists. Upstairs, dazzling ocean and coast views enhance the cozy Living Room and raised Deck, with mountain and canyons visible from the fully-equipped, gourmet, eat-in Kitchen and the Dining area. 
The lower level has 3 Bedrooms: a Master Suite with a king-size bed and private full Bath; 2 additional Bedrooms (one with a Queen-size bed, the other with 2 Twin-size beds) share a second full Bath.

Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests that economic growth has moderated somewhat. Labor market conditions have improved further, with strong job gains and a lower unemployment rate. A range of labor market indicators suggests that underutilization of labor resources continues to diminish. Household spending is rising moderately; declines in energy prices have boosted household purchasing power. Business fixed investment is advancing, while the recovery in the housing sector remains slow and export growth has weakened. Inflation has declined further below the Committee's longer-run objective, largely reflecting declines in energy prices. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.

A town of 30,000 in China is prohibiting residents from leaving after a local man died from bubonic plague, state media announced Tuesday.
The town of Yumen, in the northwestern province of Gansu, also quarantined 151 people, China Central Television (CCTV) said, per the Agence France-Presse. The extreme precautions follow the July 16 death of a 38-year-old man who contracted the infectious disease after he found a dead marmot (a squirrel-like rodent) and fed it to his dog. So far, no additional cases have been reported.

Zinfandel is a popular grape in California, although it appears to have originated in Croatia, where it is known as Crljenak Kastelanski, and southern Italy, where it is known as Primitivo. Zinfandel produces powerful, spicy reds with forward raspberry and pepper notes. It can also be used to produce a semisweet rosé (blush) wine called White Zinfandel. You can use Wine Enthusiast’s online Buying Guide to find the top-rated Zinfandel among our extensive Zinfandel wine reviews and easy-to-use database. Our Zinfandel reviews will give you a general idea what to expect from wines made from Zinfandel, and will help you find one that best suits your needs.

Did you know? Older eggs are easier to peel than fresh eggs. If you are planning to make hard boiled eggs for Easter and want to make sure that the eggs are easy to peel, buy your eggs at least a week ahead of time (two weeks even better, they'll keep).
If you need easy-to-peel eggs and you have fresh eggs, you might want to try steaming the eggs for 15 minutes. Pour an inch of water into a pot and insert a steamer basket. Bring to a boil. Place the eggs in the steamer basket, cover and steam for 15 minutes (more or less, check!). (Or if you don't have a steamer basket, steam the eggs in a half inch of water.) The steam penetrates the shell a bit making the eggs easier to peel.
