Justin McCarthy was born in Sayre, Pennsylvania, to Joseph and Delia (née Regan) McCarthy. He and his family later moved to Elizabeth, New Jersey, where he attended St. Mary of the Assumption School. He studied at Seton Hall University in South Orange, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts (1923) and Master of Arts (1925). He then furthered his studies in Rome at the Pontifical North American College and the Pontifical Urbaniana University. While in Rome, McCarthy was ordained to the priesthood on April 16, 1927. He earned his Licentiate of Sacred Theology from the Propaganda that year as well.
Upon his return to New Jersey in 1927, he served as professor of Sacred Scripture and homiletics at Immaculate Conception Seminary until 1941, when he became spiritual director and professor of ascetical theology. He was raised to the rank of a Papal Chamberlain in May 1941 and later a Domestic Prelate in December 1949. In 1953 he was named pastor of Our Lady of Sorrows Church in South Orange. He also served as director of the Priests' Eucharistic League and the Confraternity of Christian Doctrine.

Solar power in Pakistan discusses the generation and development of electricity via solar thermal or photovoltaic technology in that country. The country has solar plants in Pakistani Kashmir, Punjab, Sindh and Balochistan. Initiatives are under development by the International Renewable Energy Agency, the Japan International Cooperation Agency, Chinese companies, and Pakistani private sector energy companies. The country aims to build the world's largest solar power park, the Quaid-e-Azam Solar Power Park (QASP) in the Cholistan Desert, Punjab, by 2017 with a 1 GW capacity. A plant of this size would be enough to power around 320,000 homes.
On May 29, 2012, Pakistan inaugurated its first solar power on-grid power plant in Islamabad. Introduction of Clean Energy by Solar Electricity Generation System is a special grant aid project by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) under the Coolio Earth Partnership. This project includes the installation of two 178 kW photovoltaic (PV) systems at the premises of the Planning Commission and Pakistan Engineering Council.
This is the first on-grid solar PV project that employs net-metering, thereby allowing the beneficiaries to sell surplus electricity to the Islamabad Electric Supply Company (IESCO), the electricity distribution company of the Islamabad Division. The project was executed with grant assistance, worth 480 million Yen (approx. 553.63 million Pakistani Rupees) over three years commencing in 2010.

Amor Vincit Omnia ("Love Conquers All", known in English by a variety of names including Amor Victorious, Victorious Cupid, Love Triumphant, Love Victorious, or Earthly Love) is a painting by the Italian early realist / post-Mannerist artist Caravaggio.
Amor Vincit Omnia shows Amor, the Roman Cupid, wearing dark eagle wings, half-sitting on or perhaps climbing down from what appears to be a table. Scattered around are the emblems of all human endeavours – violin and lute, armour, coronet, square and compasses, pen and manuscript, bay leaves, and flower, tangled and trampled under Cupid’s foot. The painting illustrates the line from Virgil's Eclogues X.69, Omnia vincit amor et nos cedamus amori ("Love conquers all; let us all yield to love!"). A musical manuscript on the floor shows a large "V". It has therefore been suggested also that the picture is a coded reference to the attainments of Marchese Vincenzo Giustiniani: his Genoese family ruled Chios (until the island's capture by the Turks) in 1622, hence the coronet; the cultivated Marchese also wrote about music and painting (pen, manuscript and musical instruments), was constructing an imposing new palazzo (geometrical instruments), studied astronomy (astral sphere), and was praised for his military prowess (armour). The symbology thus holds the possible reading: Vincenzo Conquers All. Giustiniani is said to have prized it above all other works in his collection.

Shenyang Ligong University (Chinese: 沈阳理工大学; pinyin: Shěnyáng Lǐgōng Dàxué; SLU) is a university in Shenyang, Liaoning, China under the provincial government. University campus is located in a new district of Hunnan New District.
Over sixty-five years of construction and development, Shenyang Ligong University has developed from a single-discipline military and technological school into a multi-disciplinary university, well-known in engineering, with combinations of spheres of science, management, arts, economics, law and art. With the distinctive features of national defense, SLU enrolls students on a nationwide basis, mainly contributing to the development of Liaoning Province.
SLU has established stable cooperation with 65 universities in eleven countries, such as Russia, the United States, Britain, Canada, Germany, Japan, Finland, etc.. Four advanced laboratories were built with nine institutes from the National Academy of Sciences of Russia and Belarus. SLU has conducted joint programs with universities in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Russia and other countries. Confucius Institute has been established based on the cooperation with Tomsk State University in Russia, meanwhile, the cooperation between the two universities is also extended with the opening up of the Pushkin Russian Language Center, which was approved by the Ministry of Education of China as a national Russian center.

Sterling is a city in Rice County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,328. Sterling is home to Sterling College.
For millennia, the land now known as Kansas was inhabited by Native Americans. In 1803, most of modern Kansas was secured by the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Rice County was founded.
Sterling was originally called Peace, and under the latter name was founded in 1872. In 1876, the name was changed to Sterling, by two brothers after their father Sterling Rosan.
In the 1890s, Jonathan S. Dillon sold groceries at his general store in Sterling. Later in 1913, he opened his first J.S. Dillon Cash Food Market in Hutchinson. Later he expanded into the Dillons grocery supermarket chain.

"Lick It Up" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. It is the title track on the group's 1983 album. Written by Paul Stanley and Vinnie Vincent, the song was released as the record's first single. The track was a top forty hit in the U.K., Switzerland, and Canada, although it stalled on the U.S. charts.
A staple of the band's live performances, the group has performed the song over 1,300 times as of August 2015 due to its fan favorite status.
A video was made to promote the single. It was the first music clip to feature the band without its makeup. The video premiered on MTV on September 18, 1983 in a half-hour special hosted by J.J. Jackson. Despite the hype and promotion for the single, it stalled at #66 on the American Billboard Hot 100. However, the song broke into the Top 40 in several other countries.
Kiss has performed "Lick It Up" on most of its tours since the single's release. The track was featured on the group's live albums Alive III and Kiss Symphony: Alive IV. It also appears on 2001's The Box Set. It is the only song from the band's unmasked era that has been regularly played live since they returned to wearing their trademark makeup in 1996.
The guitar bridge after the second iteration of the chorus was intended to be a full-fledged guitar solo, however, it is said that the solo recorded by Vinnie Vincent was not approved for the song, and he was asked by Gene Simmons to make another solo. Upset, Vincent made a bridge followed by a breakdown instead.

In mathematics, certain systems of partial differential equations are usefully formulated, from the point of view of their underlying geometric and algebraic structure, in terms of a system of differential forms. The idea is to take advantage of the way a differential form restricts to a submanifold, and the fact that this restriction is compatible with the exterior derivative. This is one possible approach to certain over-determined systems, for example. A Pfaffian system is specified by 1-forms alone, but the theory includes other types of example of differential system.

A by-election was held for the Lagos seat in the Legislative Council of Nigeria in December 1945 to replace Jibril Martin of the Nigerian Youth Movement (NYM). It was won by Abubakar Olorun-Nimbe of the Nigerian National Democratic Party (NNDP).
The NNDP and the Nigerian Union of Young Democrats put forward Olorun-Nimbe, vice president of the NNDP, as a joint candidate. A doctor, he had studied medicine at the University of Glasgow and ran a private practice in Lagos. He was well-known in the town due to his role as a member of Lagos Town Council. His opponent was Oluwole Ayodele Alakija of the NYM. Alakija was a barrister who had studied at Jesus College, Oxford and was vice-president of the party's Port Harcourt branch.
Despite the NYM's success in the 1938 general elections, when it had won all three seats in Lagos, its popularity in the town had diminished, partly due to the internal splits caused by the row over the party's candidate for the 1941 by-election. Separately, the alliance of the NNDP with the new National Council of Nigeria and the Cameroons had restored some of its credibility.
The West African Pilot called on voters to vote for a "seriously active Moslem", noting the fact that Olorun-Nimbe had twice been to Mecca and that he was a "practical politician with experience". Despite not being a Muslim, Alakija was supported by Chief Imam Y. P. O. Shodeinde.

Route 763 is in central Missouri. Its southern terminus is at Route 740. Between Route 740 and Business Loop 70, it is known as College Avenue. It is briefly concurrent with Business 70 for 2/10ths of a mile before turning onto Rangeline Road. This section between Business Loop 70 and US 63 is an old alignment of US 63.
Route 763 begins at an intersection with Route 740 in Columbia, heading north on South College Avenue, a five-lane road with a center left-turn lane. The road passes through the University of Missouri campus, passing to the west of Sanborn Field. Past the university, the route intersects Broadway and becomes North College Avenue, passing homes and coming to an intersection with Paris Road, providing access to Route B, which officially begins past its junction with Business Loop 70. Route 763 passes more residences with some businesses and crosses a railroad line before coming to an intersection with I-70 Bus. At this point, Route 763 turns west to form a concurrency with I-70 Bus. on a four-lane divided highway before turning north onto four-lane undivided Rangeline Street. The road passes commercial establishments before becoming a divided highway and reaching an interchange with I-70/US 40. Past this interchange, the route becomes undivided again and passes more businesses. Farther north, Route 763 becomes a divided highway and continues through areas of fields and businesses with some homes. The route reaches a roundabout where it intersects Route VV and Prathersville Road, the latter providing access to the southbound direction of US 63. Northbound motorists on US 63 must use Prathersville Rd to access Route 763. Route 763 becomes a two-lane undivided road and merges into the northbound direction of US 63 at an interchange. Route 763 receives traffic from the southbound direction of US 63.

Thyroid hormone receptor beta (TR-beta) also known as nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group A, member 2 (NR1A2), is a nuclear receptor protein that in humans is encoded by the THRB gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is a nuclear hormone receptor for triiodothyronine. It is one of the several receptors for thyroid hormone, and has been shown to mediate the biological activities of thyroid hormone. Knockout studies in mice suggest that the different receptors, while having certain extent of redundancy, may mediate different functions of thyroid hormone. Defects in this gene are known to be a cause of generalized thyroid hormone resistance (GTHR), a syndrome characterized by goiter and high levels of circulating thyroid hormone (T3-T4), with normal or slightly elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH). Several transcript variants have been observed for this gene, but the full-length nature of only one has been observed so far.

Now discredited, Meadow's Law was a precept much in use until recently in the field of child protection, specifically by those investigating cases of multiple cot or crib death – SIDS – within a single family.
The "law" has it that because such deaths are a rare phenomenon and difficult to explain by natural causes, we might say that "One is a tragedy, two is suspicious and three is murder unless there is proof to the contrary."
The name is derived from the controversial British paediatrician, Roy Meadow, who until 2003 was seen by many as "Britain's most eminent paediatrician" and leading expert on child abuse. Meadow's reputation went into decline with a series of legal reverses for his theories, and the damage was confirmed in July 2005 when he was struck off the medical register by the General Medical Council for tendering misleading evidence. Meadow's license was reinstated in February 2006 by a London court.
Meadow attributes many unexplained infant deaths to the disorder or condition in mothers called Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy. According to this diagnosis some parents, especially mothers, harm or even kill their children as a means of calling attention to themselves. Its existence has been confirmed by cases where parents have been caught on video surveillance actively harming their children, but its frequency is subject to debate as Meadow claimed to have destroyed the original data which he used to substantiate the law.

Delta Pavonis (δ Pav, δ Pavonis) is a star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Pavo. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 3.56, making it a fourth-magnitude star that is visible to the naked eye from the southern hemisphere. Parallax measurements from the Hipparcos satellite yield an estimated distance of 19.92 light-years (6.11 parsecs) from Earth. This makes it one of the nearest bright stars to the Solar System.
It is a subgiant of spectral type G8 IV, meaning it is about to stop fusing hydrogen in its core and is starting the process of becoming a red giant. Because of that, Delta Pavonis is 22% brighter than the Sun even though the effective temperature of its outer atmosphere is lower, at 5,604 K. It has 99.1% of the Sun's mass and 122% of the Sun's radius. The surface convection zone extends downward to about 43.1% of the star's radius, but only contains 4.8% of the star's mass.
Spectroscopic examination of this star shows that it has a higher abundance of elements heavier than helium (or metallicity, as astronomers call it) than does the Sun. This value is typically given in terms of the relative ratio of iron (chemical symbol Fe) to hydrogen (H) as compared to the Sun's atmosphere (iron being a relatively easy element to detect in a stellar atmosphere).

Jainism is an ancient religion of India. Jains trace their history through twenty-four tirthankara and revere Rishabhanatha as the first tirthankara (in the present time-cycle). The last two tirthankara, the 23rd tirthankara Parshvanatha (c. 872 – c. 772 BCE) and the 24th tirthankara Mahavira (c. 599 – c. 527 BCE) are historical figures. There is limited historical evidence for the 22nd tirthankara Neminatha who was the cousin brother of Krishna. Jainism is a philosophy of eternity and Jains consider their religion to be eternal. According to Heinrich Zimmer, Jainism can be traced back as far as third or fourth millennium BC, due to the discovery of a series of great late Stone Age cities in the Indus Valley.
The two main sects of Jainism, Digambara and Śvētāmbara were formed in 3rd century BC. They were later subdivided into several sub-sects. Jainism faced a period of decline in medieval India till 19th century due to attacks from Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam, after which it was revived by various Jain saints.
The origins of Jainism are obscure. The Jains claim their religion to be eternal, and consider Rishabhanatha to be the founder in the present time-cycle. Different scholars have had different views on the origin.

This species was first discovered in 1979 at Murici in Alagoas, although there have been few sightings in that area since. In 2003 it was discovered at the Frei Caneca Private Reserve in Pernambuco. Due to its rarity it has been classified by BirdLife International as critically endangered. The current population is estimated to be between 50 and 249.
It is a member of the South American bird family Furnariidae, a group in which many species build elaborate clay nests, giving rise to the English name for the family of "ovenbirds".
The Alagoas foliage-gleaner is 18 cm long and weighs 30–38 g with plain rufous-brown plumage. Sexes are similar. It inhabits interior upland forest at 400–550 m, and has been found singly, in pairs or small groups, and often join mixed-species flocks including lesser woodcreeper.
The major threat to its existence is habitat destruction, and the clearance of Atlantic forest in Alagoas and Pernambuco has left few other sites likely to support populations of this species.
The binomial of this bird commemorates the Brazilian ornithologist Fernando da Costa Novaes.

Monkey gland sauce is a restaurant item in South Africa. The tangy sauce is prepared in several manners, and may include a blend of fruit and spices. It is typically served with meats, such as steak, hamburgers, pork ribs or chicken. Several popular South African fast-food chains serve a Monkeygland Burger.
Despite the name, the sauce does not involve monkeys in any way. Instead, it is made up of chopped onion, garlic and ginger, with a combination of chutney, soy sauce, mustard, worcestershire sauce, ketchup, and wine. At the time the sauce was developed there was a lot of speculation in the popular medical press regarding the use of monkey glands as a means of keeping young; see Serge Voronoff.

Rinse FM was founded as a pirate radio station in 1994 by a group of 16-year-olds including DJ Geeneus and DJ Slimzee. For a three-year period in the early days of the station the Rinse studio was hosted in DJ Slimzee's house. In its early years the station played predominantly jungle music with a particular focus on MCs, a direction which set Rinse apart from competing stations. The first broadcast was made at Ingram House in Tower Hamlets, London. At the time the broadcasts were being made out of secret, makeshift locations such as kitchens and bedrooms belonging to friends and DJs, constantly moving between these locations to avoid getting shut down by authorities. This continued to a lesser extent all throughout the 16 years during which Rinse was a pirate radio station.
Kool FM was the leading pirate radio station within the jungle scene, and it wasn't until Rinse changed its focus to the emerging garage scene around 1998/1999 that it became really popular, thanks to the darker sound that it brought with it from its jungle days. Into the early 2000s, the station became critical for emergence and development of the genres grime and dubstep. The station was managed during this time by Uncle Dugs.
In 2005 Ofcom disconnected a Rinse FM radio transmitter and Dean Fullman, known on air as DJ Slimzee, received an ASBO, believed to be the first of its kind, banning him from every rooftop in the borough of Tower Hamlets.

The Intel 8284 is a clock oscillator chip developed primarily for supplying clock signals for the Intel-8086/8087/8088/8089 series of processors. The commercial variant of the chip comes in 18-pin DIL and 20-pin PLCC packages, and originally was priced at $4.90 USD. The industrial version, rated for more extreme temperatures and supply voltages, was priced at $13.50 USD.
The 8284 contains a clock generator capable of a third the frequency of the input clock (up to 8MHz with the 8284A), with sources selectable between an external crystal and clock input. The main clock output consists of a 4.5V (Vcc @ 5V) square wave at a 33.3% duty cycle, with an additional peripheral clock running at half of the main clock and a 50% duty cycle. Additional logic is provided to accommodate delays to allow for proper system start-up. It has been used in the IBM PC and IBM PC XT.

Grange Cooperative (often displayed as Grange Co-op) is an agricultural supply cooperative based in Oregon's Rogue Valley. The Cooperative was started in 1934 with a group of 99 farmers from the Rogue Valley who invested $10 each to form a fuel-delivering cooperative in Central Point, Oregon. Grange Co-op was limited to petroleum supplies at first.
Grange Co-op purchased Ashland Mills in 1943, and in 1960, opened a new retail store in Ashland. The first Grange Co-op in Medford was a result of a merger with Jackson County Co-op in the 1960s. In 1996, Grange Co-op merged with Josephine County Growers Co-op in Grants Pass (started in 1927). In September, 2005, Grange Co-op acquired the American Feed & Farm Supply store in Klamath Falls.
In 2012, Grange Co-op, along with three other local cooperatives, formed a coalition "Rogue Co-ops" in celebration of the International Year of Cooperatives (IYC). This unique coalition of cooperatives will celebrate the theme “Cooperative Enterprises Build a Better World,” and focuses on the concept of cooperatives putting people first, innovating to meet members' needs, and providing local service while being part of a global network.

Lincoln Township and the land that would eventually become the town of Clever remained largely unsettled by whites for many years after Missouri became a state in 1821. A U.S. Government land survey wasn't conducted until 1834, and the first land transaction wasn't registered until 1845. With the coming of more settlement to southwest Missouri also came the Old Wire Road. Following a portion of the Great Osage Trail, the road extended from St. Louis, Missouri southwest to Fort Smith, Arkansas passing through Springfield, Missouri and on through Christian county. Along with supply trains and settlers headed for Fort Smith, the Butterfield Overland Mail also made use of the road from 1858 to 1861. A telegraph line ran along the same route as well, giving rise to its name.
Prior to Clever's existence as a town, a Civil War battle took place nearby. On August 2, 1861, the Battle of Dug Springs pitted the Union forces of General Nathaniel Lyon against the numerically superior combined Confederate forces of General Benjamin McCulloch, Arkansas State Troops under General Nicholas Bartlett Pearce, and Missouri State Guard under General (and Missouri Governor) Sterling Price. The battle, along present-day Old Wire Road, was the first time during the Missouri Campaign of 1861 that the Union "Army of the West" and Confederate forces met in conflict. Despite being outnumbered more than two to one, Lyon's Union forces prevailed in the battle. The clash is seen as a precursor to the much larger and strategically important Battle of Wilson's Creek eight days later.

The opening scene is set at a wild teenage party in a small apartment. The kids suddenly turn against everything around them and trash the apartment to complete annihilation. The kids are called 'Destruction Incorporated' a bunch of self-imposed derelicts who terrorize a sleepy Florida town. They are led by the near-psychotic Dexter (Ray Sager), his pal Denny (Steve White), Denny's girlfriend Bitsy (Nancy Lee Noble), and their friend Lummon (Ralph Mullin). Their reason for forming this so-called "destruction crew" is as Dexter states: "just for the hell of it."
Dexter, Denny, Bitsy, and Lummonx stop at a local neighborhood bar for a few drinks when the bartender becomes irritated with their shenanigans and orders them to be quiet to which they respond by beating up the owner. Afterwards, Dexter and a few of the Destruction crew pile into Dexter's 1967 white Mustang car and drive around town terrorizing and harassing the locals. One teenybopper steals a lady's newspaper and sets fire to it. A man is splashed painted when a few other youths throw paint at him. Also, a police officer is contemptuously taunted.
At a corner coffee shop, the overly zealous teens engage in a bloody fist fight with another teenager, named Doug (Rodney Bedelle), who used to know Dexter and was part of his gang before walking away years ago. As result of the rumble, the group begins to trash the place. The proprietor threatens to call the police, but is cut short when one of the teenyboppers punches him in the face. Dexter and Denny, aided by other Destruction crew, cruelly drag the owner to the stove and they unmercifully burn his hands on the hot stove.

Compassion (or Laura Tobin) is a fictional character in the Eighth Doctor Adventures novels based upon the British science fiction television series, Doctor Who. Compassion was originally from a people known as the Remote, a splinter group of the time travelling voodoo cult Faction Paradox. The Eighth Doctor met her in the novel Interference: Book One by Lawrence Miles, and she went on to become one of his companions.
Laura Tobin was born on Earth in the 26th century; her name was first mentioned by her sister Alison in the Bernice Summerfield novel Ship of Fools by Dave Stone set in 2593, although Laura did not appear herself. As stated in Interference, Laura became one of the members of a Remote colony established by Faction Paradox on the planet Ordifica in 2594. When the Time Lords attacked Ordifica two years later, the survivors were evacuated by the Faction to the 18th century to establish a new colony.
The Remote, although originally human, are sterile. When one of them dies, a replacement is created from raw biomass and its personality reconstructed from the memories of the people who knew the deceased. Hence, each iteration is not quite the same as the previous one. Laura Tobin was "remembered" several times through the centuries, until the iteration that would be named Compassion emerged in the late 20th century, meeting the Doctor and his companions in 1996.
Compassion often appeared disdainful of the people around her. Her name came from Laura's sarcastic comment that "Compassion" was her middle name. She frequently responded to any observation with the dismissive remark, "Obviously."

The Dobrnja-Jug mine disaster was a mining accident that happened on 26 August 1990 near Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The accident occurred in the Dobrnja-jug shaft of the Mramor coal mine. The mine was operated by the Kreka company, which operates three other mines in the area. All of the coal mined in the region is used to power the Tuzla thermoelectric power plant.
The Dobrnja-jug disaster was the worst mining and industrial accident in the history of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, 180 miners were killed.
Between 01:20 and 01:30 a.m. on 26 August 1990 a methane gas explosion 1,800 feet below the surface caused a cave-in which buried the entire third shift who were near the site of the explosion. All 180 miners working in the shaft were killed. One miner, who operated the machinery which brought the lignite to the surface was the sole survivor.

Rockin' Johnny's Diner is a Canadian restaurant chain themed to North American popular culture of the 1950s. It operates in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The company was founded in Ottawa, Ontario by brothers Enzo and Jack Mastromattei who envisioned a chain of family restaurants which would capture the essence of the stereotypical Canadian/American mid-century diner, e.g., homemade food, period-themed music and decor, etc.
The first Rockin' Johnny's Diner opened in Ottawa's Westgate Shopping Centre in June 1991. A second was opened in the Hazeldean Mall in Kanata the following year. 1997 saw the opening of the first franchise in Ottawa's Brittania area.
By 2002, seven Rockin' Johnny's locations were listed on the company's official website. Two of these were closed in 2003, and a third location in the Hazeldean Mall was relocated to Hazeldean Road the following year. The song "Don't Be Cruel" by Elvis Presley played on the splash screen of Rockin' Johnny's Diner. In the late 2000s, the Orleans restaurant was closed. The Britannia Plaza location closed in 2009 due to an arson of the plaza with no connection to Rockin' Johnny's Diner. Rockin' Johnny's finished the decade with only three stores remaining.
Rockin' Johnny's closed its St. Laurent Boulevard location in 2012.
At its peak, Rockin' Johnny's had seven locations in Ottawa. Only two remain open today, one of them being a relocated restaurant:

Kuchinoerabu-jima (口永良部島?), is one of the Satsunan Islands, usually classed with the Ōsumi Islands belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan. The island, 38.04 km² in area, has a population of 147. The island can only be reached by boat as it has no airport. There are regular ferry service with Yakushima, which is about 15 km to the east. Travel time is approximately 1 hour. The islanders are dependent mainly on fishing, agriculture and seasonal tourism. The entire island is within the borders of the Kirishima-Yaku National Park.
Kuchinoerabu-jima is located 130 kilometres (70 nmi) south of Kagoshima. The island is of volcanic origin, and has an area of approximately 38 square kilometres (15 sq mi) with a length of 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) and width of 5 kilometres (3.1 mi). The highest elevations on the island are Furudake (古岳?), with a height of 657 metres (2,156 ft) and Shindake (新岳?), with a height of 640 metres (2,100 ft) above sea level. There are numerous hot springs on the island.
The island is an active volcano which has erupted several times during the modern period, including 24 December 1933, when several people were killed when lava masses buried several villages. In 1980, multiple explosion craters appeared along an 800-metre (2,600 ft) north-south fissure on the slope east of Shindake. Shindake erupted again on 4 August 2014, generating a pyroclastic flow, but with no injuries or fatalities. The main crater erupted on the morning of 29 May 2015, prompting a level 5 alert level. Efforts to evacuate all persons from the island occurred.
The island’s climate is classified as subtropical, with a rainy season from May through September.

The Botswana Premier League is the Commercial Wing of Botswana Football Association. The league has existed since 1966. The championship initially called MLO Cup. The first edition 1966, with participants including Tlokweng Pirates, Notwane, Black Peril, Queens Park Rangers and a team from Ngwaketse district. It is currently known as beMobile Premier League for commercial reasons.
The league has always been dominated by the teams that are based south of Dibete or at the southern part of the country until the 2006–07 season when ECCO City made history by becoming the first team from the north to lift the lucrative competition. The league is sponsored by a mobile phone operator Be Mobile to the tune of 30 million pula. After the ABSA premiership in South Africa, the Be Mobile league is the second highest sponsored league in the COSAFA region. The league has continued to grow in leaps and bounds as shown by the increasing number of foreign players in the BPL. Some top players from mainly Zimbabwe like Anold Chaka, Master Masitara, Elvis Meleka, Mandla Sibanda, Sageby Sandaka and Tendai Ndoro have ditched the Zimbabwean PSL for the BPL in recent years. Recently Namibian stars like Jerome Luis and Benson Shilongo arrived in Botswana in search of the Pula. After terminating their television deal with a South African company RP Productions, the league is now negotiating a long term deal with Supersport International. In early 2013, the pay TV shown five BPL games on a testing basis.

Rainbow Software’s Showcase Presentation System was the world’s first screen-based presentation system.
Launched in 1981 by London-based Rainbow Software (now Showcase Presentations Ltd) and running on Apple II computers with just 16k of RAM it was the first commercial computer-based presentation system displaying directly onto RGB monitors or projectors.
Rainbow’s first client was Grey Advertising in London closely followed by Ogilvy & Mather and many others. Customers claimed that it paid for itself in a single presentation.
Showcase used programmable duotone colouring to maintain ‘hi res’ mode; and a range of proportionally spaced, properly designed fonts (in 1983, two years later, Steve Jobs was still trying to persuade his embryonic Mac development team that such fonts were important).
The IBM PC didn’t make much impact until the mid-1980s; Rainbow lacked the resources to redevelop the system from scratch on to this new format with poor graphic capabilities.
The Rainbow name was eventually dropped in favour of Showcase Presentations Ltd, which became a service company.
In 1987 a product from General Parametrics called VideoShow allowed better quality presentations from a PC and Showcase adopted this and started to develop into a broader consultancy business. In 1990 Windows 3 appeared and combined with a Compaq Portable 386 and the first version of a new program called PowerPoint, the route to the future seemed clear.
Since then there have been many changes in hardware and software – and particularly in display devices, speed and resolution – but the same general combination of hardware and software has prevailed.
Showcase Presentations rapidly became a high-profile support company, creating presentations for major blue chip companies and working around the world.

A robot is a machine—especially one programmable by a computer—capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically. Robots can be guided by an external control device or the control may be embedded within. Robots may be constructed to take on human form but most robots are machines designed to perform a task with no regard to how they look.
Robots can be autonomous or semi-autonomous and range from humanoids such as Honda's Advanced Step in Innovative Mobility (ASIMO) and TOSY's TOSY Ping Pong Playing Robot (TOPIO) to industrial robots, medical operating robots, patent assist robots, dog therapy robots, collectively programmed swarm robots, UAV drones such as General Atomics MQ-1 Predator, and even microscopic nano robots. By mimicking a lifelike appearance or automating movements, a robot may convey a sense of intelligence or thought of its own.
The branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, and application of robots, as well as computer systems for their control, sensory feedback, and information processing is robotics. These technologies deal with automated machines that can take the place of humans in dangerous environments or manufacturing processes, or resemble humans in appearance, behavior, and/or cognition. Many of today's robots are inspired by nature contributing to the field of bio-inspired robotics. These robots have also created a newer branch of robotics: soft robotics.
From the time of ancient civilization there have been many accounts of user-configurable automated devices and even automata resembling animals and humans, designed primarily as entertainment. As mechanical techniques developed through the Industrial age, there appeared more practical applications such as automated machines, remote-control and wireless remote-control.

The Katie Sierra suspension controversy began in October 2001 when high school student Katie Sierra was suspended from Sissonville High School for her activism in opposition to the bombing of Afghanistan. The fifteen-year-old Sierra was engaged in anti-war activism at her school, near Charleston, West Virginia, wearing clothes with handwritten messages objecting to U.S. militarism, racism, sexism, and homophobia. She applied for permission to start an anarchist club at the school, and was denied by the school's principal. Her attempts at publicizing the club led to her being suspended from school for three days. Incendiary comments by the principal and the members of the school board were reported in the press and provoked a controversy that garnered national and international media attention.
Following verbal and physical assaults by Sierra's fellow students, her mother withdrew her from the school and, with the assistance of the American Civil Liberties Union, they initiated legal action against the headmaster and the school board. Initially unsuccessful and subject to various setbacks, these efforts eventually succeeded in overturning the school's decision not to allow the club, although the propriety of other actions by the school was upheld. Sierra briefly returned to Sissonville High in August 2002 before again withdrawing over peer harassment after less than a week. The actions and attitude of the school toward Sierra were sharply criticized in the media for what critics perceived as censorship and McCarthyism, as a dark sign of post–September 11th American society and its concept of freedom of speech.

"A New Day Has Come" is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion for her sixth English-language album of the same name (2002). The song was written by Aldo Nova and Stephan Moccio and produced by Walter Afanasieff and Nova. It was released as the album's lead single on 11 March 2002. "A New Day Has Come" is a piano-driven ballad in 6/8 time. However, the midtempo radio remix, co-produced by Christian B & Marc Dold of (S.A.F.) along with Ric Wake converted the song into 4/4 time and was released as the lead single. Both versions are included on the album.
Dion revealed that the song represents the birth of her child. It received positive reviews from music critics, who complimented Dion's vocals and its uplifting lyrics. The music video was directed by Dave Meyers and premiered in March 2002. The song was a success around the world, reaching top ten on the Canadian Hot 100, UK Singles Chart and many European charts; while reaching number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100 and topping for 21 weeks the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. The song was included on her 2008 compilation My Love: Essential Collection.

FixMyStreet is a map based website and app by mySociety that helps people in the United Kingdom inform their local authority of problems needing their attention, such as potholes, broken streetlamps, etc. It is the UK instance of FixMyStreet.
Reports are also published on the site.
While most local councils have their own reporting systems, FixMyStreet solves the fact that the reporter may not know which authority is responsible for a specific type of problem in a specific location. By use of the MapIt software, FixMyStreet matches users’ postcodes and the category of their problem to the correct local authority.
The site was initially funded by the Department for Constitutional Affairs Innovations Fund and built by mySociety, in conjunction with the Young Foundation; the code for the site was written by Francis Irving, Matthew Somerville, and Chris Lightfoot. The site was originally launched as "Neighbourhood Fix-It", but it was decided to change to a shorter and easier name in June 2007 when one became available. A FixMyStreet app was developed in 2008 to enable iPhone users to report problems using their phones, and since then volunteers have written apps for Nokia and Android, as well as another app for the iPhone.
FixMyStreet won an award at SustainIT eWell-Being Awards in 2008, and has been listed in various newspaper best or top websites. The site was an inspiration for the government's "Show Us A Better Way" contest.

Time Lord — Adventures through Time and Space is a Doctor Who role-playing game, written by Ian Marsh and Peter Darvill-Evans and published in 1991 by Virgin Publishing. This game is totally unrelated to the previously released Doctor Who RPG by FASA, having different and simpler mechanics that often seemed arbitrary. For example, the companion Polly is a secretary yet according to her statistics, she can hardly read or write.
The system lacked any method for creating original player characters: it was suggested that the referee give the players a particular Doctor and his associated companions, or a group of Doctors. A later on-line supplement, "Timelord: Journeys", written by Nathaniel Torson, provided a system for creating original player characters. A variety of basic templates were provided ("The Soldier," "The Specialist," The Alien") and die roll ranges provided for determining attribute and skill values. Rules for purchasing alien abilities, generating random adventures, and using "Drama Points" to increase abilities and use Genre Tropes to simulate standard situations from the series were also provided.
The game was marketed with other Doctor Who books instead of other role-playing games. It was printed in paperback novel format, unlike other RPGs. In addition, Virgin was unknown in the gaming market. As a result, it did not sell well and aside from a few articles in Doctor Who Magazine, no supplements were published.

Ginga Legend Weed (Japanese: 銀牙伝説ウィード Hepburn: Ginga Densetsu Wīdo?, lit. Silver Fang Legend Weed) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Takahashi. It is a sequel to Takahashi's 1980s manga Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin, and focuses on Weed, the son of Gin, the original series' protagonist. Weed, named after the English word for wild plant, leaves his birthplace to search for his father in the Ōu Mountains. Upon arriving, Weed immediately begins protecting Ōu and its soldiers from dangerous threats. As the series progresses, Weed and his allies journey throughout Japan, aiding those in need and preventing takeovers.
Ginga Legend Weed was originally serialized in the magazine Weekly Manga Goraku from 1999 to 2009. Publisher Nihon Bungeisha released 60 bound volumes and later reprinted early volumes. ComicsOne licensed the series for release in Canada and the United States, but issued only three volumes before it went out of business. Ginga Legend Weed has not been relicensed and distributed in the English language.
In addition to the main series, Takahashi authored several side stories and books relating to Weed and the supporting cast. In 2005, Studio Deen produced an anime series that aired on Animax. The show was released on several DVDs between 2006 and 2007 in Japan, and was licensed and distributed in Taiwan and several Nordic countries.

USS Errol (AG-133/AKL-4) was a Camano-class cargo ship constructed for the U.S. Army as USA FS-274 shortly before the end of World War II and later acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1947. She was configured as a transport and cargo ship and was assigned to serve the World War II Trust Territories in the Pacific Ocean.
Errol (AG-133) was built in 1944 by Wheeler Shipbuilding Corp., Whitestone, Long Island, New York, for the U.S. Army as USAT FS-274; acquired by the Navy 3 April 1947; and commissioned 9 July 1947, Lieutenant R. Q. June in command. She was reclassified AKL-4 on 31 March 1949.
Commissioned at Guam, Errol throughout her naval service carried passengers and cargo among American islands and those of the Trust Territory of the Pacific, calling at Guam, Saipan, Tinian, Truk, the Palau Islands, Ulithi, Chichi Jima, Kwajalein, Pagan Island, Agrihan, and smaller islands in the Caroline Islands.
From September to December 1949 she was overhauled at Pearl Harbor, the only interruption to her constant operations in the Pacific.

The work originated as the slow movement, Andante religioso, of Dvořák's early string quartet, No. 4 in E minor, of 1870, which was unpublished in his lifetime. The movement was adapted and included in his String Quintet No. 2 in G, of 1875: it was one of two slow movements, and he later withdrew this movement from the quintet.
He developed it into this nocturne; the work was published in 1883 by Simrock. As well as the version for string orchestra (B. 47), he made versions for violin and piano (B. 48a) and piano four hands (B. 48b).
The work is in the key of B major, and its duration is about 9 minutes. There is a calm atmosphere throughout. After a simple introduction in octaves, there is a long section, featuring a winding melody over a pedal note of F♯ which gives a sense of anticipation; eventually this gives way to a more animated section. Finally there is a return, without the sense of anticipation, to the original texture.

PakSat-1R (or PakSat-1 Replacement) is an advanced geosynchronous and communications satellite that was manufactured by China Great Wall Industry Corporation (CGWIC) and operated by the Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission (Suparco), an executive space authority of the government of Pakistan.
The PakSat-1R was developed and built as a geostationary telecommunications satellite and was launched from Xichang, China, at 16:15 UTC on 11 August 2011. Launched on the Long March 3B rocket, the satellite has a design life of 15 years with initial goals to provide broadband internet access, digital television broadcasting, remote and rural telephony, emergency communications, tele-education and tele-medicine services across South and Central Asia, Eastern Europe, East Africa and the Far East. The satellite successfully took over the operations of its predecessor, the PakSat-1E satellite leased by Pakistan, in geostationary orbit at 38° East.
Main articles: Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission § History, and PAKSAT-1
In December 2001, the Suparco negotiated to lease the Palapa-C1 satellite and designated it as PakSat-1E in an attempt to avert the orbital slot crises. It was acquired after an anomaly in the electrical system of the satellite on 24 November 1998. A module for controlling the hydro accumulators had failed and an American contractor, Hughes Global Services (HGS), managed to develop a strategy that allowed the continued use of the satellite in geostationary orbit. The satellite was eventually leased by Pakistan as PakSat-1E at 38°East in geostationary orbit and had been active since April 2004. During this time, the Suparco began developing the geosynchronous satellite to replacing the aging PakSat-1E as part of the new space policy announced by the Government of Pakistan in 2008.

John Casey (died 1882) was an Irish rebel, who was caught and tried in 1824 and transported to Australia in 1826. He won his freedom by helping capture the bushranger, John Tennant, in 1828 and became one of the early pioneers of the Gundaroo district.
In 1824 he was convicted at Cashel of insurrection and seems to have been involved in the later disturbances of the ‘Whiteboys’, fighting for the rights of tenant farmers in the rural areas. Casey was transported to Australia and arrived in Sydney in January 1826 aboard the convict transport, Sir Godfrey Webster. In the colony of New South Wales, he was allocated to a family on the newly opened Goulburn plains and worked as a bullocky. During these early years in Australia, Casey’s wife and infant children died in Ireland.
Eventually, Casey was allocated to Joshua Moore, who had a farm at Liverpool and a new land grant called Canberry Station in the district that was to become Canberra. Moore was the first European landholder in the area. Casey worked as a shepherd and bullocky at both the Moore stations.

Bathampton railway station is a former railway station in Bath, UK, serving the community of Bathampton. The station opened on 2 February 1857 and closed on 3 October 1966. Very little remains, as the station site was replaced with improved trackwork for a nearby junction. The only significant remains are the gateposts at the head of the approach road.
The main line of the Great Western Railway (GWR) opened in stages, and was completed on 30 June 1841 with the opening of the stretch between Chippenham and Bath; there were initially two intermediate stations, at Corsham and at Box. The Wilts, Somerset and Weymouth Railway (WS&WR) opened between Thingley Junction (west of Chippenham) and Westbury on 5 September 1848; it was absorbed by the GWR on 14 March 1850. The Act of Parliament authorising the WS&WR had stipulated that it should also build a branch line connecting its main line to Bath, in order to communicate with Bristol, but owing to difficulty in obtaining finance, this was not proceeded with. A lawsuit was successfully brought against the GWR in 1853, and on 31 July 1854, the GWR obtained a fresh Act of Parliament granting an extension of time for the completion of the branch, and this was opened on 2 February 1857 from Bradford Junction, a triangular junction at Trowbridge on the former WS&WR line, to a new station at Bathampton on the GWR main line. It had been planned that this station would be the interchange point for trains on the branch to Bradford-on-Avon, but once the Bradford-on-Avon service commenced, it normally ran through to Bath. Bathampton station was mainly used by the people who lived in eastern Bath.

