Planet Nine does not have an official name, and it will not receive one unless its existence is confirmed, typically through optical imaging. Once confirmed, the IAU will certify a name, with priority typically given to a name proposed by its discoverers.[7] It will likely be a name chosen from Roman or Greek mythology.[8]
In their original paper, Batygin and Brown simply referred to the object as "perturber",[1] and only in later press releases did they use "Planet Nine".[9] They have also used the names "Jehoshaphat" and "George" for Planet Nine. Brown has stated: "We actually call it Phattie[A] when we're just talking to each other."[5]

He always thought of the sea as 'la mar' which is what people call her in Spanish when they love her. Sometimes those who love her say bad things of her but they are always said as though she were a woman. Some of the younger fishermen, those who used buoys as floats for their lines and had motorboats, bought when the shark livers had brought much money, spoke of her as 'el mar' which is masculine. They spoke of her as a contestant or a place or even an enemy. But the old man always thought of her as feminine and as something that gave or withheld great favours, and if she did wild or wicked things it was because she could not help them. The moon affects her as it does a woman, he thought.

Nevada is one of a number of states where Democrats usually do better in early voting than in the vote overall, so this shouldn’t be taken to mean that Hillary Clinton and the Democratic U.S. Senate candidate in Nevada, Catherine Cortez Masto, are going to win their races by double digits. But Nevada is an interesting state, insofar as both Clinton and Donald Trump can find things to like about its demographic makeup: In Clinton’s case, the growing number of Hispanic and Asian-American voters bodes well for her; in Trump’s case, there’s the fact that only about one-third of Nevada’s white voters have college degrees, according to FiveThirtyEight’s estimates. 

One drowsy afternoon when the place was half-full, he gazed around and announced, “The average age of the customer here is deceased.” Always happy to be repeating himself, Youngman intermittently retold one of his signature jokes. A man goes to the doctor and describes his symptoms. “Have you had that before?” the doctor asks. “Yes,” says the patient. “Well, you’ve got it again,” answers the doctor.
Alas, I was not present for one of the Carnegie’s most classic moments. Story goes that famed actor Zero Mostel, upon hearing someone order a pastrami on white bread with lettuce and a glass of milk, got up and shouted “Get out of this restaurant!” If not true in fact, it surely is in spirit.

Kurdish troops backed by foreign special forces including a Turkish contingent advanced on a town near Mosul on Sunday, pushing to within five miles (nine kilometres) of the northern Iraqi city as Islamic State launched another diversionary attack on the western town of Rutba.
Sunday’s offensive focused on encircling the strategic town of Bashiqa, known for both its religious diversity and production of the aniseed liquor arak, until Isis took over in August 2014.
Its liberation was expected last week when Kurdish peshmerga forces swept into the area, only to be pinned down by a barrage of suicide attacks, buildings filled with homemade bombs, and militants using tunnel networks to reappear in “cleared areas” to launch fresh ambushes.

Two years ago, Mr. Hearn quit a cushy programming job at Google’s Swiss headquarters to devote himself full time to what was his great passion: the virtual currency Bitcoin. He was one of a handful of developers around the world dedicated to maintaining the basic software that governs both the creation of new Bitcoins and the network on which the financial transactions take place.
But a nasty fight has torn apart the small brotherhood of Bitcoin developers and raised questions about the survival of the virtual currency. Mr. Hearn, until recently one of the most prominent leaders of the Bitcoin project, became so disillusioned that in December he sold the few hundred Bitcoins he had left and quietly took a job at a new start-up.

Hamilton shouldn’t work.
I don’t really mean this on a thematic level or a storytelling level or anything like that, though it must have been murderously difficult to pull off. No, I mean that hip-hop and musical theater shouldn’t mesh as well as they do in Hamilton.
Hamilton is caught between twin pressures: It can be authentic hip-hop and create a bewildering experience for those who go to the theater without having heard the cast recording, or it can provide a more pure musical theater experience and sound like watered-down hip-hop.

The 2016 World Series matchup is set. The Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians, two teams with very long title droughts, will meet for the championship this year. The Cubbies haven't won a World Series since 1908. The Indians have been waiting since 1948. One of those droughts will soon come to an end.
Like every team, the Cubs were assembled through all sorts of different methods. No team is built exclusively through the draft, or trades, or free agency. It's not possible. Teams need to have success acquiring talent through every avenue available. The Cubbies have done exactly that. Let's look at how the 2016 Cubs were built.

The US telecoms giant, already the country's third largest cable provider, is paying $85.4bn (£70bn) for the company, which owns CNN and HBO.
A Senate subcommittee responsible for competition will hold a hearing in November.
However AT&T's chief executive Randall Stephenson believes regulators will approve the deal.
Senator Mike Lee, the Republican who chairs the antitrust subcommittee, said the deal would "potentially raise significant antitrust issues, which the subcommittee would carefully examine".
The biggest merger to be announced this year would combine AT&T's distribution network, which includes 130m mobile phone customers and 25m pay-TV subscribers, with content from the Warner Brothers film studios and the cable TV channels HBO, the Cartoon Network and CNN.

Mr. Dylan became the first musician to win the Nobel Prize in Literature this month, setting off a debate about whether song lyrics had the same artistic value as novels and poetry. But no one knows how Mr. Dylan feels about the honor. He has made no public statements, and a brief reference added to his website (“Winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature”) was quickly removed after the news media caught wind of it.
Mr. Dylan’s ambivalence to one of the world’s most prestigious honors, and the uncertainty about whether he will accept it, appears to have begun to wear on the Swedish Academy, which awards the prize. On Saturday, an academy member called Mr. Dylan “impolite and arrogant.”

