My fellow George Washington University political scientist Chris Warshaw compiled public polls capturing support for major legislation dating back almost 30 years.

Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said the U.S. decision was “very unfortunate and unacceptable,” and accused Washington of bowing to pressure from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government “at a time when we are trying to cooperate to achieve the ultimate deal.”

An anti-LGBT Ohio lawmaker who resigned this week over “inappropriate behavior” with another man at his legislative office had a history of aggressively pursuing gay men during his time in Washington D.C.

Players who have taken a knee or sat during the national anthem the past two seasons have done so to protest police brutality and systemic injustices against people of color in the United States.

She had been sitting with her mother on a bench awaiting a child custody hearing in her parents' divorce case.

But instead, Pruitt has rolled back or stalled environmental protections, given the fossil fuel and chemistry industries more sway over public health decisions and taken steps that critics fear will undermine work on pollution cleanups, according to a POLITICO analysis of what he’s accomplished to date.

A leading government figure since Zimbabwe's independence in 1980, he became vice president in 2014 and is so widely known as the "Crocodile" that his supporters are called Team Lacoste for the brand's crocodile logo.

“This followed the revelation yesterday of extremely disturbing and intolerable behavior said to have revolved around his PBS program.

A union representative for the border agents suggested that Martinez and his partner may have been bludgeoned by rock-wielding illegal immigrants crossing the treacherous terrain near the small town of Van Horn.

But a U.S. official told the Associated Press that theory is just "speculation," and other reports suggest the agents may have fallen into a ditch.

The man who authorities say shot and killed a Pennsylvania police officer was caught Tuesday morning following a manhunt that lasted for three days.

Pennsylvania state police announced early Tuesday morning that authorities had apprehended Rahmael Sal Holt, who is accused of fatally shooting New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw following a Friday night traffic stop about 20 miles northeast of Pittsburgh.

Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck told reporters at a news conference Tuesday that Holt was arrested at a home in Pittsburgh.

Aoun said at the time Hariri was being held against his will in Riyadh -- a claim Hariri denied -- and speculation swirled in Lebanon that he was being held hostage.

Top crude exporter Saudi Arabia is lobbying oil ministers to agree next week on a nine-month extension to OPEC-led supply cuts, sources familiar with the matter said, as Riyadh seeks to ensure a price-sapping glut is eradicated.

Hillary Clinton said in a new interview that her inability to run on an "agenda of change," coming off of President Barack Obama's two terms, was a significant problem for her 2016 campaign.

While Congress is on a weeklong Thanksgiving break, the breakneck speed of the Republican push to overhaul the US tax code has taken a bill close to passing in the Senate.

A sound detected near the last known location of an Argentine navy submarine carrying 44 crew members is believed to have come from an explosion.

The federal agent assigned to the case testified that the package had an "obliterated shipping label" for an EBay order that was sent to Julia Poff, which led authorities to her address.

They found a garage full of fireworks, and a number of pieces of evidence, including a salad dressing bottle cap in the explosive device that matched salad dressing witnesses say Poff had used for her anniversary dinner, and packaging for Pall Mall red cigarettes containing pyrotechnic powder, later found at her home.

Gen. Valery Gerasimov said in comments carried by Russian news agencies Thursday that the scale-down that Putin announced earlier this week will be “significant.”

As the investigation into the murder of Baltimore Police Detective Sean Suiter continues, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis revealed during a press conference on Wednesday evening that Suiter was shot with his own gun and he was set to testify in a police corruption case the next day.

Okanogan residents told The Spokesman-Review that they saw the male genitalia deliberately being drawn in the skies above their town by a jet around noon Thursday.

"It’s not just this campaign can be set apart from everything that’s ever happened in our politics.

Under an alternately sunny and cloudy sky, Mr. Mnangagwa said in his address that the country’s domestic politics had “become poisoned and rancorous and polarizing,” apparently referring to the factional fighting inside the governing party, ZANU-PF.

The UK’s digital minister has said the October 2016 data breach that Uber disclosed this week does affect UK users — though it’s still unclear how many are impacted at this stage.

There were few signs of the over-the-top frenzy that had been a hallmark of the start to the U.S. shopping season in years past, and some stores appeared to be getting creative with gimmicks beyond heavy discounts to lure shoppers through their doors.

Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Saturday that Time magazine should recognize that President Trump is the only right choice for the magazine's coveted "Person of the Year" distinction.

The White House appeared to confirm the move in a cryptic statement about the phone call that said Trump had informed President Erdogan of "pending adjustments to the military support provided to our partners on the ground in Syria."

Two men sought by authorities after an altercation at a central London subway station that led to panic at the heart of the Oxford Street shopping district turned themselves in to police for questioning Saturday, officials said.

Justice Department lawyers representing President Trump say the Trump Organization's decision to walk away from its Trump SoHo hotel supports the argument for dismissing a lawsuit alleging the president is in violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.

Egypt’s security forces were on high alert Saturday after striking back at militants whose massacre of more than 300 people at a Sinai mosque raised fears of a new and bloodier phase in the country’s struggle against Islamist insurgents.

But 10 months after being given free rein to tackle everything from the federal government’s outdated technology to peace in the Middle East, the do-whatever-you-want stage of Mr. Kushner’s tenure is over.

Trump’s trip to Trump International was the fourth day in a row that the president has visited one of his golf properties over the Thanksgiving holidays.

U.S. District Judge Timothy Kelly ruled in favor of Trump in his effort to appoint White House budget director Mulvaney to lead the bureau, the nation's top financial watchdog agency.
 
The Washington Post says a woman who approached reporters with a story that Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore got her pregnant as a teen actually "appears to be part of undercover sting operation" run by conservative activist James O'Keefe — suspicions the newspaper says were confirmed when the woman was spotted walking into the offices of Project Veritas on Monday.

O'Keefe and the Post have put out dueling videos of a brief interview outside his offices on Monday in which the conservative activist seeks to turn the tables and question Post reporter Aaron C. Davis, who repeatedly asks O'Keefe whether the woman works for him.

Even though the announcement only came yesterday that Prince Harry would be marrying American-born actress Meghan Markle, an event that marries the Camelot of the U.K. with the celebrity excitement of Hollywood, these bars have already concocted cocktails in their honor — cocktails that are sure to have their customers feeling just a little bit royal themselves.

NBC News chairman Andy Lack announced Lauer's termination in a memo to staff that was read at the top of Wednesday's Today show, citing "detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace" for the reason behind his firing.

On Wednesday Trump caused outrage and sparked fears of violent reprisals against Americans and US interests overseas by retweeting graphic anti-Muslim videos by an extreme far right British hate group.

After a nearly two-month search, Tampa police arrested and charged a 24-year-old man with four counts of murder in connection to a series of fatal shootings that had terrified residents in the city's Seminole Heights neighborhood.

Brexit supporters accused Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday of being far too weak with the European Union after reports that she is ready to pay what Brussels is demanding to settle the divorce bill to leave the bloc.

In the case before the court, that might mean law enforcement must prove more to a judge about suspected criminal wrongdoing to collect cell-tower records that can provide what Justice Elena Kagan called “24/7” tracking of a person.

Though PolitiFact has ruled Trump’s tweet “pants on fire,” the urban myths surrounding the death of Scarborough intern Lori Klausutis in his Florida district office have never truly disappeared from the fever swamps, and the president seemed to give them new life by suggesting MSNBC fire Scarborough based on this “unsolved mystery.”

Russell Simmons announced on Thursday that he is stepping down from leadership roles in business after writer Jenny Lumet accused him of sexual assault in 1991 in a column for The Hollywood Reporter.

The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia confirmed later Wednesday that Praljak had been given immediate medical help in the courtroom before being taken to the hospital, where he died.

Malaysia’s high-profile trial of two women accused of killing the estranged half brother of North Korean leader goes on recess Thursday with the last hearing until next year.

A 24-year-old college graduate who was arrested in a string of deadly shootings that terrorized a Florida neighborhood was ordered held without bond Thursday on four counts of premeditated first-degree murder.

And Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos pleaded guilty for making a false statement to the FBI over contacts with officials connected to the Russian government.

The latest twist in the wild Tennessee coaching search involves the Vols making a trip out to Los Angeles to meet with Washington State head coach Mike Leach, two sources told SI.

But the backdrop made clear that a president who has repeatedly used the flag to win leverage in a debate over the meaning of NFL players' protests during the national anthem was prepared to weaponize the trees in another front in the culture wars.

Desperate relatives pleaded with Argentine officials not to end efforts to rescue 44 crew members aboard a missing submarine after the navy announced Thursday it had shifted its focus to a search-only mission, effectively acknowledging there's no hope they'll be found alive.

Abe will provide the summary of the meeting at the next Cabinet session early next week ahead of the formal approval expected on Dec. 8, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters.

After six months of work, special counsel Robert S. Mueller III has indicted two advisers to President Trump and accepted guilty pleas from two others in exchange for their cooperation with his probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election — a sign of mounting legal peril for the White House.

It appears to have swiftly expanded beyond Russia’s interference in the campaign to encompass a range of activities, including contacts with Russian officials during the transition and alleged money laundering that took place long before Trump ran for office.

In an article published by BuzzFeed Friday afternoon, Rep. Ruben Kihuen was accused of making repeated sexual advances toward his then-campaign finance director by a woman identified as "Samantha."

But in recent years, church leaders have quietly sold off several properties to anonymous investors fronted by companies registered in far-flung tax havens. 

The president’s comments come the day after his former national security adviser pleaded guilty to lying about his contacts with then-Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

In a statement Friday, Flynn said he has agreed to cooperate with special counsel Robert S. Mueller III’s team in its ongoing investigation into the Kremlin's attempts to influence the 2016 election, including possible coordination with the Trump campaign.

As the White House contends with questions about who knew about former national security adviser Michael Flynn lying to the FBI, people close to Vice President Mike Pence are trying to make clear that President Donald Trump’s No. 2 knew nothing at all.

After the Colorado Civil Rights Commission found in 2014 that Phillips had violated the state’s anti-discrimination law and ordered him to make cakes for same-sex weddings or not design wedding cakes at all, Phillips says he felt forced to choose between his faith and his life’s work.

The statement came as prosecutors working for special counsel Robert S. Mueller III withdrew their support for a joint bail deal filed last week that would have released Manafort from home detention and GPS monitoring while he awaits trial on charges including money laundering and fraud.

In the four-page filing Monday, prosecutor Andrew Weissman urged the judge to reject the bail deal, arguing that Manafort and a Russian colleague have been secretly ghostwriting an English-language editorial that appeared to defend Manafort’s work advising a Russia-friendly political party in Ukraine.

A fast-moving, wind-driven brush fire broke out Monday night in the foothills near Thomas Aquinas College in Santa Paula and swept into the city of Ventura early Tuesday, burning homes and forcing thousands to evacuate.

California could be hit with significantly more dangerous and more frequent droughts in the near future as changes in weather patterns triggered by global warming block rainfall from reaching the state, according to new research led by scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.

An attorney for the baker who owns Masterpiece Cakeshop told the court that Jack C. Phillips should not be forced to design his custom-made cakes for same-sex couples against his deeply held religious beliefs and should be exempt from Colorado’s anti-discrimination law.

Among the smaller fires that popped up Wednesday morning was a 50-acre blaze burning near I-405 close to the Getty Center arts complex, Bel Air and UCLA.

Russia’s isolation deepened Tuesday when its athletes were banned from competing under the country’s flag at the Winter Olympics in February because of a major doping scandal that has already tarnished Putin’s triumph at the 2014 Games in Sochi.

The South Florida Water Management District said Monday python hunter Jason Leon broke the agency's old record with his kill of a Burmese python in southern Miami-Dade County at around 2:45 a.m. Friday.

If that snake was alive right now it would probably take like three of us to be able to control that snake."

Germany's Social Democrats have given the green light for their party to enter preliminary coalition talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel's party in a vote that could trigger an end to the country's political deadlock.

More than 600 SPD delegates gathered on Thursday in Berlin and debated the question for several hours before voting overwhelmingly for the exploratory talks to begin.

A U.S. government source said officials observed North Koreans setting up the launch pad for the Hwasong-15 missile firing table three hours before the launch, and saw the missile being erected an hour later

With its network of spy planes, satellites and drones hovering over North Korea, the U.S. demonstrated it was watching the 3 a.m. launch that North Korean state-run news agency KCNA claimed showed “the capability of making surprise launch of ICBM in any region and place any time.”

FBI Director Christopher A. Wray defended the agency’s integrity Thursday, telling skeptical Republican lawmakers that its agents are “decent people committed to the highest principles of integrity and respect.’’

The email came two months after the hacked emails of the Democratic National Committee were made public and one month before WikiLeaks began leaking the contents of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's hacked emails.

A band of cold air that delivered a rare blanket of snow to parts of southern Texas rolled through the Deep South on Friday bringing threats of more weekend snow, sleet and dicey travel conditions from the Mid-Atlantic to New England.

The US District Court for the District of Columbia judge presiding over the criminal case for President Donald Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn has been recused from handling the case, a court spokeswoman said on Thursday.

President Trump, armed with fresh ammunition against the mainstream media, fired off “fake news” attacks on Twitter after CNN incorrectly reported that his campaign received access to hacked emails well before the group WikiLeaks made the files public.

Egypt on Saturday announced the discovery of two small ancient tombs in the southern city Luxor dating back some 3,500 years and hoped it will help the country’s efforts to revive its ailing tourism sector.

The author of an article that U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller believes Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort ghost-wrote in violation of a gag order said on Saturday he had sought input on the op-ed before publishing to avoid errors.

Tillerson’s new diplomatic overture comes nearly two weeks after North Korea said it had successfully tested a breakthrough intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire United States mainland within range of its nuclear weapons.

Three Florida men seen in a viral video laughing and smiling as a shark gets dragged behind a high-speed boat have been charged with animal cruelty.

Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told Arab and Islamic leaders on Wednesday that the United States is no longer fit to broker an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal and should be replaced as mediator by the United Nations, outlining a significant policy shift in response to President Donald Trump’s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.

A statement from U.S. Forces, Japan, confirmed that a window from a CH-53E helicopter "fell onto the sports field of Daini Futenma Elementary School outside of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma.

But the notification led White House lawyers and aides to believe that they were more problematic than the complexity of his finances and his initial failure to disclose contacts with foreign leaders — the reasons Mr. Kushner’s lawyers have said are holding up the process, the two people said.

The surprise disclosure on Sunday that the Communist Party was abolishing constitutional limits on presidential terms — effectively allowing President Xi Jinping to lead China indefinitely — was the latest and arguably most significant sign of the world’s decisive tilt toward authoritarian governance, often built on the highly personalized exercise of power.

That plan got off to a shaky start with activists reporting continued airstrikes and fighting in the rebel-held eastern Ghouta suburb of Damascus that killed more than 30 people Monday.

The camouflage-clad militants loaded up dozens of students from the Dapchi Government Girls Science and Technical College and drove them into the surrounding scrubland, according to eyewitnesses, schoolteachers and local officials.

A 19-year-old student suspected of fatally shooting his parents at a Central Michigan University dormitory had been acting so strangely the day before the killings that campus police talked to his mother and then took him to a hospital for suspected drug abuse, authorities said Saturday.

University police Chief Bill Yeagley told reporters that James Eric Davis Jr.'s parents had just picked him up from that hospital and brought him to his dorm to pack up for spring break when Friday's shooting happened.

According to the Journal, people familiar with the matter in the report said that Cohen later complained to friends that he had not been reimbursed for the money he sent Clifford.

Jurors unanimously rejected government charges that Ms. Salman had helped her husband plan his violent assault in the name of the Islamic State — a narrative countered by her family’s claims that she was kept in the dark about her husband’s secrets and was home sleeping when the attack occurred.

After Kelly told Fox News Channel’s Bret Baier in a January interview that Trump’s immigration views had not been “fully informed” during the campaign and had since “evolved,” the president berated Kelly in the Oval Office — his shouts so loud they could be heard through the doors.

A video obtained by NBC News shows U.S. Border Patrol agents attempting to break international law by forcing an injured and mentally unstable man back into Mexico by falsely claiming that he is not in their custody, failing to identify him and assuming he is Mexican because "he looks like it."

Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Nebraska, said in a statement after the meeting, "The best thing the United States can do to push back against Chinese cheating now is to lead the other eleven Pacific nations that believe in free trade and the rule of law."

While at the home, police said they conducted a health and safety search and discovered nine other children — ranging in age from four months to 11 years old — "living in squalor and unsafe conditions."

CNN reported in March that the areas that Mueller's team indicated it wanted to pursue with Trump included his role in crafting a statement aboard Air Force One that miscast Donald Trump Jr.'s June 2016 meeting with Russians in Trump Tower, the circumstances surrounding that Trump Tower meeting, as well as the firings of former FBI Director James Comey and national security adviser Michael Flynn.

The only “breaking news” of the moment was about Dr. Harold Bornstein, Donald Trump’s doctor of 35 years, who had told NBC that the president’s bodyguard led a “raid” on his office and hauled away his medical files for “the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency,” as Bornstein previously pronounced him.

Giuliani’s disclosure seemed to flatly contradict a claim that Trump had made about the Clifford payment — thus making it very likely that the commander in chief had been caught in yet another “false or misleading claim,” or “lie,” to use the less euphemistic word.

The 20-year-old woman was standing on the sidewalk talking to someone when a black Pontiac Grand Prix drove by and someone inside fired a single shot, striking her in the neck in the 6400 block of South Eberhart Avenue, according to Chicago Police said.

Citing a need to make "our schools and our state a safer place," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott unveiled a slate of policy and legislative changes on Wednesday that range from boosting security at schools to doing more to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them.

Mr Sánchez brought about the downfall of his predecessor Mr Rajoy by filing a no confidence motion in parliament following a scandal centred on a secret campaign fund that the conservative People's Party (PP) ran from 1999 until 2005.

Read on for a look at how contentious the battles have become ahead of Tuesday’s elections in Maine, Nevada and South Carolina.

Despite what some experts say is almost-indisputable evidence of wrongdoing — and reports that Mueller has gathered enough evidence to indict — no charges have been filed against the onetime intelligence officer.

Justice Willie Seriti said the Supreme Court upheld an appeal by prosecutors against Pistorius' original six-year sentence for shooting Steenkamp multiple times in his home in 2013.

Wind-whipped wildfires raged for a third day Wednesday in Southern California -- including a fresh blaze near the posh Bel Air area and Interstate 405 -- threatening further damage after burning more than 65,000 acres, torching scores of buildings and forcing tens of thousands of people to flee their homes.

Seventy-six years after the attack on Pearl Harbor, researchers are sharing rare underwater images of the USS Ward -- the U.S. Navy destroyer that fired the first American shots in World War II.

Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) is calling on President Donald Trump to resign over the more than a dozen sexual misconduct allegations against him.

Ever since Daniels sued President Donald Trump this month—claiming she had an intimate affair with him in 2006 and 2007 and that a nondisclosure agreement created before the 2016 election is invalid—Avenatti has tormented the administration

Maritime historians on Thursday published a short list of the possible identities of two shipwrecks found during the initial 710,000-square kilometer (274,000-square mile) three-year search for the Boeing 777 that was lost in 2014 with 238 people aboard.

Trump and Moon plan to meet at the White House on May 22 to "continue their close coordination on developments regarding the Korean Peninsula" following last Friday's meeting between Moon and Kim Jong Un.

The European Union slammed "police brutality and mass arrests" after nearly 1,600 protesters including opposition leader Alexei Navalny were on Saturday detained in 27 Russian cities during nationwide rallies ahead of Putin's swearing-in ceremony for a fourth Kremlin term on Monday.

The ceremony — attended by President Trump’s daughter Ivanka — capped Trump’s pledge to shift the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to offer diplomatic recognition to Israel’s claim of Jerusalem as its capital.

French energy giant Total this week announced it will pull out of a major gas project in Iran by this fall unless U.S. sanctions are waived.
