
He was a very silent man by custom. All day he hung round the cove or upon the cliffs with a brass telescope; all evening he sat in a corner of the parlour next the fire and drank rum and water very strong. Mostly he would not speak when spoken to, only look up sudden and fierce and blow through his nose like a fog-horn; and we and the people who came about our house soon learned to let him be. Every day when he came back from his stroll he would ask if any seafaring men had gone by along the road. At first we thought it was the want of company of his own kind that made him ask this question, but at last we began to see he was desirous to avoid them. When a seaman did put up at the Admiral Benbow (as now and then some did, making by the coast road for Bristol) he would look in at him through the curtained door before he entered the parlour; and he was always sure to be as silent as a mouse when any such was present. For me, at least, there was no secret about the matter, for I was, in a way, a sharer in his alarms. He had taken me aside one day and promised me a silver fourpenny on the first of every month if I would only keep my ‘weather-eye open for a seafaring man with one leg’ and let him know the moment he appeared. Often enough when the first of the month came round and I applied to him for my wage, he would only blow through his nose at me and stare me down, but before the week was out he was sure to think better of it, bring me my four-penny piece, and repeat his orders to look out for ‘the seafaring man with one leg.’ 

It may metaphorically be said that natural selection is daily and hourly scrutinising, throughout the world, the slightest variations; rejecting those that are bad, preserving and adding up all that are good; silently and insensibly working, WHENEVER AND WHEREVER OPPORTUNITY OFFERS, at the improvement of each organic being in relation to its organic and inorganic conditions of life. We see nothing of these slow changes in progress, until the hand of time has marked the long lapse of ages, and then so imperfect is our view into long-past geological ages that we see only that the forms of life are now different from what they formerly were.

Born Andras Grof in Budapest, Hungary, he emigrated to the US in 1956 aged 20 after living through Nazi persecution, a Soviet siege, repression under different Communist regimes and the crushing of a popular uprising.
In the US, he taught himself English at the same time as he studied chemical engineering, earning a doctorate in the subject in 1963.
Straight after, he joined Fairchild Semiconductor and formed friendships with Gordon Moore and Robert Noyce.
Mr Grove joined the pair in 1968 when they left Fairchild to set up Intel, becoming the third employee at the fledgling semiconductor maker.
Mr Grove was director of engineering at Intel, initially overseeing its production of memory chips.
He was instrumental in changing this manufacturing focus in the late 1970s in response to growing competition and ongoing production problems.
He switched the company to making processors for the first microcomputers and negotiated with IBM to ensure it used only Intel chips in its personal computers.
This helped establish the x86 line of processors that are synonymous with the rise of the PC. This strategy shift helped Intel's revenues rise from $1.9bn (£1.33bn) to more than $26bn.

Before this year’s NBA season started, I had a conversation with a Golden State Warriors fan. He was excited about his team and was keen to explain its success: It was perfectly balanced, with perfect chemistry, role players, coaching and management. That Stephen Curry is pretty amazing also helped.
His point that the Warriors are some kind of Zen basketball masterpiece is hardly controversial. Yet a few minutes into our conversation I found myself arguing strenuously that this diehard Curry fan didn’t really understand how great — and how important — Curry is.
Other than Daryl Morey, Curry is perhaps the figurehead in the NBA’s Three-Point Revolution™. It’s easy to get swept up in the narrative that 3-point shooting has been long-undervalued and that smart sharpshooters are finally taking over the NBA. Teams that shot the most and the best from beyond the arc last year dominated like never before. The correlation between a team’s rate of attempting threes and its winning percentage was the highest it has ever been (.47). In the playoffs, the top 3-point-shooting teams made up the entirety of the conference finals.

A new poll from California (full pdf below) conducted by NSON Opinion Strategy portends very favorably toward candidate Donald Trump.  While the initial “Top Lines” may seem soft the poll itself was very selective in those targeted for questioning.
The poll targeted four specific congressional districts, and registered Republican voters, from political data, within those districts who voted in the past four elections; and does not include those who have not previously been heavily involved in political voting.   Therefore this poll is inclusive of the most hard-core of mainstream RV’s.
When you consider the ‘new voters’ and the most recently awakened ‘silent majority’, who have been mostly absent from politics (due to frustration), you begin to see the scope of the support for candidate Trump is considerably “understated” in the poll.  Despite this flaw in the methodology, Trump still comes out on top.

President Obama became the first U.S. president to step foot in Cuba since Calvin Coolidge in 1928, as he began a historic three-day visit to the island on Sunday. It was a rainy afternoon in Havana when Obama and his family stepped out of Air Force One and were greeted by Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez. President Raúl Castro regularly greets foreign dignitaries at the airport but was absent this time, as the formal welcome ceremony will take place on Monday.
The visit culminates a 15-month effort to normalize relations between the two countries that began in December 2014. With the trip, Obama is seeking to make Washington’s shift in stance toward the island irreversible. “This is a historic visit,” Obama said as he greeted U.S. embassy staff and their families at a hotel in Havana. “It’s an historic opportunity to engage with the Cuban people.”
Obama and his family then braved the rain and went on a sightseeing tour of Old Havana and the city’s 18th-century cathedral. A few hundred people gathered to applaud and cheer on the Obamas. At one point people could even be heard chanting, “USA! USA!”

According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the economy added 215,000 jobs in March, 195,000 in the private sector, 20,000 in government jobs. This marks the 73rd consecutive month of job growth. The official unemployment rate, which the bureau labels U3, rose to 5.0 percent. 
The BLS revised the previously calculated number of jobs in February from 242,000 to 245,000, and in January from 172,000 to 168,000. Such revisions are common as better information becomes available in the months after the initial report is released.
The BLS calculated the number of unemployed in March at 8 million, up slightly from February. In addition to U3, the bureau also estimates both unemployment and underemployment in a category it calls U6. This counts people with no job, part-time workers who want a full-time job but can't find one, and a portion of the nation’s "discouraged" workers. In March, U6 rose to 9.8 percent.
