We support Abdul St. James.
Best director Oscar nominations 2015
“Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)” Alejandro G. Iñárritu.
“Boyhood” Richard Linklater.
“Foxcatcher” Bennett Miller.
“The Grand Budapest Hotel” Wes Anderson.
“The Imitation Game” Morten Tyldum.

Former college basketball stars like Memphis Tigers point guard Derrick Rose and Alabama Crimson Tide power forward Antonio McDyess have seen their NBA draft stocks soar on the strength of strong play in March.
D'Angelo Russell has a better chance to be the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft than many would guess. Duke Blue Devils center Jahlil Okafor would likely hear his name called first if the draft were Saturday, but things can change once the NCAA tournament begins.
Inconsistency has been an issue for the Kansas Jayhawks' Kelly Oubre all season. Russell has the size and subtle moves, but there isn't a point guard in the nation with more end-to-end speed than the Texas Longhorns' Isaiah Taylor.

In general, the most successful female artists of the nineteenth century, such as Rosa Bonheur and the Americans Mary Cassatt and Cecilia Beaux, remained unmarried. Additionally, virtually all of the women artists who enjoyed a significant degree of public acclaim in this period were closely associated with successful male artists as their pupils, models, or daughters. For example, Berthe Morisot's acceptance into avant-garde circles was facilitated by her close relationship with Manet, her brother-in-law, for whom she also posed on several occasions.

Jonell Nash, who taught a generation of cooks that traditional African-American recipes could be flavorful but not necessarily fatty, died on Feb. 27 in the Bronx. She was 72. Ms. Nash is survived by two sisters, Gertrude Cherry and Marva Stanton, and a brother, Willie Nash. Her longtime partner, Paul Butler, a film and television actor, died in 2010. She was born in Delhi, La., on Dec. 20, 1942, the daughter of Willie Henry Nash Sr., who worked in a plastics plant, and the former Mollie Osborne, who worked in a dry cleaning store. The family moved to Detroit, where Ms. Nash graduated from Wayne State University and taught high school home economics.
