
Kevin Neal's deadly shooting rampage in Northern California may have been prompted by the fatal shooting of his wife, authorities said Wednesday.
Neal, identified as the gunman who killed four people in a string of shootings Tuesday, shot and killed his wife the previous night and concealed her body under a floor in his home, Tehama County Assistant Sheriff Phil Johnston said.
The discovery of the spouse's body brought the death toll to six, including the gunman.
"We believe that's probably what started this whole event," Johnston said of the wife's shooting.
Neal had been out of bail on an assault with a deadly weapon charge from January, officials said. Neal, 44, "was not law enforcement friendly" and authorities a number of times had come to his house after complaints that shots were fired from the property, Johnston said.

Republican and Democratic senators clashed on Wednesday over changes the Republicans made to their sweeping tax legislation late Tuesday night, as the momentum behind the tax overhaul showed no signs of slowing with votes expected in both chambers of Congress later this week.
Democrats attacked Republicans for inserting a repeal of the Affordable Care Act’s requirement that most people have health insurance into the tax bill and for imposing a 2025 expiration date for individual tax cuts, while making the corporate tax cuts permanent.
“This bill seems to get worse by the hour,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee. “This is not just another garden variety attack on the Affordable Care Act, this is a repeal of that law.”
Repealing the health law’s so-called individual mandate allows Republicans to save more than $300 billion over 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office, 13 million fewer people would be insured after a decade without the mandate and health insurance premiums would rise by about 10 percent.

Robert Mugabe, the only head of state that Zimbabwe has ever known in its 37-year existence, is this morning under house arrest. Although the military insists that this is not a coup, it has all the hallmarks of one: The army controls the television station and the airport, and has confined the president and his family to their mansion. Unconfirmed reports suggest that leaders of one faction of the ZANU-PF, the ruling party, are being rounded up and arrested. However the next few hours and days pan out, it seems clear that the days of Robert Mugabe ruling Zimbabwe are at an end.
The immediate events that precipitated the military intervention all revolve around the question of who will follow the 93-year old Mugabe. For several years, two camps have jostled over the right to succeed him, one led by his wife Grace and the other by Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa. Then, a week ago, the scales appeared to tip toward the first lady when the vice president was fired and publicly castigated for showing “traits of disloyalty.” Humiliated and fearing for his life, he fled the country.

Richard Cordray, the embattled director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, will resign his post at the end of the month, giving President Donald Trump the chance to reshape an agency that has drawn relentless attacks from businesses over its aggressive enforcement.
Cordray made the long-expected announcement in an email to bureau staff on Wednesday.
"It has been a joy of my life to have the opportunity to serve our country as the first director of the Consumer Bureau by working alongside all of you here," he wrote. "Together we have made a real and lasting difference that has improved people's lives."
Cordray has been rumored to be considering a run for governor of Ohio, but gave no indication Wednesday of his plans.
The White House will name an acting director to the post "at the appropriate time," deputy press secretary Raj Shah said.

UCLA freshmen LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill have been suspended from the basketball team indefinitely after returning from a trip to China, where they were held for shoplifting.
"They will have to earn their way back," UCLA coach Steve Alford said during a news conference Wednesday.
Alford said the players will not travel, suit up for road games or take part in practice while the school performs a review of the situation.
The players were questioned last week about allegedly stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store next to the team's hotel in Hangzhou, where the Bruins had been staying before leaving for Shanghai to face Georgia Tech on Friday. They were released on bail early Wednesday morning and had been staying at a lakeside hotel in Hangzhou since then.
President Trump, who was already on an Asia trip, spoke to President Xi Jinping of China about the incident, and the players were allowed to return to the United States on Tuesday.
"These are good young men who have exercised an inexcusable lapse of judgment, and now they have to live with that," Alford said.

Sources close to Breitbart News chairman Stephen Bannon insist he is sticking by embattled Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore (R) even as high-profile conservatives cut ties with the candidate less than a month before election day.
People who have spoken with Bannon and others who are familiar with his thinking say reports that he is having second thoughts about his support for Moore are overcooked.
The Daily Beast reported Tuesday that Bannon is privately discussing whether the allegations of sexual misconduct about Moore have become too serious to overcome. Bannon could be looking to save his political capital for the scores of primary challenges he’s planning for Republican senators up for reelection in 2018, the report says.
But sources tell The Hill that Bannon is still slated to rally support for Moore at a campaign stop in early December and said other events could be in the works.

A solid majority of Australians voted in favor of same-sex marriage in a historic survey that, while not binding, paves the way for Parliament to legally recognize the unions of gay and lesbian couples.
Of 12.7 million Australians who took part in the government survey, 61.6 percent voted yes and 38.4 percent voted no, officials announced on Wednesday morning. Participation was high, with 79.5 percent of voting-age Australians sending back their postal ballots.
“The Australian people have spoken, and they have voted overwhelmingly ‘yes’ for marriage equality,” said Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, who called the survey in a move described by advocates as a delay tactic devised to appease his party’s far-right faction. “They voted ‘yes’ for fairness, they voted ‘yes’ for commitment, they voted ‘yes’ for love.”
The high turnout and unequivocal result amounted to a rebuke for Australia’s most conservative politicians, many of whom saw a majority of their constituents vote to support same-sex marriage despite their arguments against it.

The lawyer for Roy Moore brought up an MSNBC anchor’s “background” when defending the embattled GOP Alabama Senate candidate over allegations he sexually harassed and pursued romantic and sexual relationships with underage girls.
Lawyer Trenton Garmon was discussing the claims against Moore on MSNBC's "Live with Velshi & Ruhle" on Wednesday when he brought up anchor Ali Velshi’s background while defending his client.
Anchor Stephanie Ruhle asked Garmon, “Why would he need permission from any of these girl’s mothers if they aren't underage?"
“Sure, that’s a good question. Culturally speaking, and obviously there is differences, I looked up Ali’s background there and wow that is awesome that you have got such a diverse background,” Garmon replied. “And it is really cool to read through that.”
“What does Ali’s background have to do with dating a 14-year-old?” Ruhle asked.
Garmon began to reply that he was not finished with the context of his remark, when Ruhle interjected, “Please answer: What does Ali Velshi’s background have to do with dating children, 14 year old girls?”

The U.S. and its allies in Asia shouldn’t assume China will fully cooperate with the campaign to curtail North Korea’s nuclear arms program, a top priority of President Donald Trump, according to the annual report of a bipartisan congressional panel.
Despite concerns over North Korea’s advancing nuclear and missile programs, China remains the country’s largest trading partner and differs with the U.S. over the best way to handle Kim Jong Un’s reclusive regime, the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission said in the report published Wednesday.
“The United States and the international community should keep their expectations low,” according to the report, “given China’s lackluster record of previous sanctions enforcement and continued sanctions violations by Chinese companies exporting dual-use items to North Korea.”
China faces a dilemma enforcing sanctions “in wanting to see some reform in the North Korean economy and not wanting to see a collapse,” panel commissioner Larry Wortzel told reporters before the report’s release. “We think their cooperation and exercise of sanctions will be fairly limited” by “what they see as their own national interest.”

It was a late February afternoon, when millions of Americans' phones and laptops started buzzing with breaking news from the White House.
"Gen Flynn was fired amid the scrutiny..."
"The White House national security adviser fired..."
President Trump had asked National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to leave the White House, said the reports. Flynn had misled Vice-President Pence about his contacts with then-Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
It was the first resignation in the new presidential administration. But one media outlet, RT, reported it differently: "General Flynn retires as National Security Adviser"
Misleading headlines are only one part of RT's approach to news, which makes the American government and analysts believe it is just an arm of the Kremlin.
RT, originally Rossiya Segodnya (Russia Today), began broadcasting internationally in 2005 in English, Arabic and Spanish as a subsidiary of RIA Novosti, one of three Russian state-owned news broadcasters.

In the Middle East, your enemy's enemy is your friend.
For Israel, Saudi Arabia's growing willingness to confront Iranian influence in the Middle East presents an opening for an awkward alliance. As the kingdom's dynamic new crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, tries to rally an anti-Iran coalition, Israel — with the blessing of the Trump administration — is presenting itself as a willing and able partner.
The appetite for cooperation between two of America's closest allies in the Middle East has grown in recent years as their security interests have dovetailed. Both Israel and Saudi Arabia view Iran's growing influence in the region as an existential threat and want to squash militant Islamist groups like ISIS and Iran's main proxy, Hezbollah.
A U.S. official who witnessed a Saudi and Israeli official hold a closed-door meeting together recently said such informal meetings have been taking place for "at least five years."

If world leaders are angry at the United States for rejecting the Paris climate change agreement, few at United Nations climate talks here are openly showing it.
Delegates from the largest industrial countries to the smallest island states are tiptoeing around the single largest topic of discussion here — the American retreat from leadership on climate change and the Trump administration’s moves to undermine domestic global warming policy and international climate diplomacy.
President Emmanuel Macron of France on Wednesday challenged Europe to “replace America” in financing the United Nations climate change science body, though he did not directly criticize President Trump’s decision to eliminate American contributions to it. The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, praised a coalition of American governors and mayors who, in contrast to the White House stance, are still working to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
Leaders of other nations, from the island of Nauru to landlocked Niger, barely alluded in public remarks to the new posture of the United States, historically the world’s largest emitter of planet-warming gases and now the only country to reject a global solution to climate change.