
Outspoken Virginia Republican Corey Stewart this weekend defended Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who has been accused of initiating sexual contact with a teenage girl. Meanwhile, Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.) said if the allegations are true, Moore should drop out of the race.
Stewart, chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors and a candidate for the GOP nomination to challenge Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), defended Moore on Friday in a Facebook Live event.
“These allegations are 40 years old. Forty years old, and they’re unsubstantiated,” Stewart said in response to a question from Ian Sams, Kaine’s campaign spokesman. “There’s no way to prove it. They didn’t prove it, but you’re presumed guilty? That’s not right.”

Uber and Softbank are reportedly close to striking a deal in which the Japanese conglomerate will buy a multibillion-dollar stake in the ride-hailing giant.
The deal could be worth as much as $10 billion, and key players are expected to sign it Sunday, according to Bloomberg, which said the terms include corporate governance reforms. News of the deal comes after Uber’s board, with an eye toward getting funding from SoftBank, voted to overhaul its corporate governance and create incentives for the company to have an initial public offering in 2019.
SoftBank plans to buy some newly issued shares as well as make a tender offer for existing shares, the New York Times reported. The bulk of the purchase, it said, would be through the tender offer.

At least 61 people in Iran were killed by Sunday's 7.3 magnitude earthquake that struck the Iraqi city of Halabja, close to the Iraq-Iran border, according to Iran's semi-official news agency Fars News. Citing the head of Iran's Emergency Services, Fars News says at least 300 people are injured in Iran following the quake.
At least six people were dead Sunday after a 7.3 earthquake struck the Iraqi city of Halabja, close to the Iraq-Iran border.
Four people died in eastern Iraq and dozens were wounded in the town of Darbandikhan, Omar Ahmad, the governor of Sulaimaniya, told CNN. Two people have died in the city of Qasr-e Shirin, Iranian TV reported, citing the country's emergency services.
The temblor, centered about 350 kilometers (217 miles) north of Baghdad, was felt throughout Iraq, according the US Geological Survey.

President Donald Trump tore up his diplomatic script this weekend in favor of an angrier, more familiar role after his conversations with Russian President Vladimir Putin at an economic summit were limited to hallway conversations lasting little more than five minutes.
The combative commander in chief re-emerged Saturday and Sunday irked that his promised thaw with Russia has been slowed by parallel investigations into Moscow's 2016 election meddling. Yet his continued vacillations on whether Russia interfered in last year's election have only clouded the matter further, thwarting the type of substantive cooperation he's seeking.
Traveling through Asia this week, Trump's top aides insisted the meddling must be addressed if the two leaders met. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters in Beijing that the long list of topics up for discussion with Putin included the cyber-intrusion.

The powerful Republican leader of the House tax-writing committee said he won’t accept the Senate’s plan to fully eliminate the state and local tax deduction that’s vital to states like New York and New Jersey.
Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Texas), chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said he believes the final tax bill will include his compromise to keep some property tax deductions.
“I’m convinced that this is where we’re going to end up,” Brady told “Fox News Sunday.”
State and local tax deductions (SALT) have been a sticking point on tax reform legislation that President Trump wants signed into law this year.
The House is expected to vote on its plan this week that would eliminate the deductibility of all state income and sales taxes, but preserve property tax deductibility capped at $10,000.

Lebanon’s prime minister, Saad Hariri, whose mysterious sojourn in Saudi Arabia has shaken the Middle East, said in a television interview on Sunday night that he was able to move freely, that he had left Lebanon in order to protect himself and that he would return home “within days.”
But the remarks — his first in public since he unexpectedly flew to Saudi Arabia on Nov. 3 and announced his resignation from there a day later — seemed unlikely to clear up the confusion and tension over whether he had acted freely, whether he was in effect a hostage of the Saudis, and whether they had pressured him to resign as part of a broader strategy to increase pressure on their regional rival, Iran.
Those who have questions about his situation were unlikely to be persuaded by the interview carried on the channel of Mr. Hariri’s pro-Saudi political party by Paula Yacoubian, a talk-show host who generally hews to the Saudi line.

U.S. President Donald Trump offered to help resolve territorial disputes in the South China Sea as he entered the final leg of his 11-day swing through Asia.
Trump is scheduled to meet Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday as he attends two days of meetings on regional security affairs hosted by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations before heading home. A key discussion point will be how to lower tensions in the South China Sea, a major global shipping lane that contains oil and gas reserves.
“I am a very good mediator and a very good arbitrator,” Trump said Sunday in Hanoi ahead of a meeting with Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang. “If I can be of help in any way, let me know.”

First Donald Trump insulted North Korea's Kim Jong-un, then, hours later, said he hoped the two could be friends in the future.
It is exactly the kind of contradiction that has typified his five-nation tour of Asia and left many observers scratching their heads. But what can we decipher about the US president's approach?
Donald Trump is likely to return home and say he has had a great trip to Asia.
There are some in the region who may agree that it has been of massive benefit, but not necessarily to America.
The US president has certainly been treated like a king everywhere he has gone, and it is obvious that he loves being feted and flattered - perhaps especially now, given all the criticism back home.
In a foreign land, it is clear that if you treat him like royalty, he will behave like a polite guest. He has steered clear of nasty, uncomfortable things like human rights and democracy.

Prince Charles led the annual ceremony to honor Britain's war dead on Sunday, laying a wreath on behalf of 91-year-old Queen Elizabeth to mark Remembrance Sunday as she watched the service from a balcony.
Breaking with her usual custom of placing the wreath at the Cenotaph on Whitehall in central London, the queen asked her eldest son to take on the role, in part because of the demands of the ceremony for someone in their 90s.
A two-minute silence was held at 1100 GMT (6.00 a.m. ET) and wreaths were laid at the foot of Britain's main war memorial by senior royals and political leaders including Prime Minister Theresa May and the leader of the main opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn.
The queen and her 96-year-old husband, Prince Philip, watched from the balcony of the nearby Foreign Office.
Royal historian Hugo Vickers said the queen had slightly stumbled during last year's service.

The official celebration of Poland’s 99th independence day proceeded innocuously, with ceremonies in the capital. There was even a visit from the European Council’s internationalist president, who insisted to Politico that Saturday’s festivities would proceed “with a smile on our face and with joy in our hearts.”
But for blocks and blocks and blocks beyond the central towers of Warsaw, a much larger crowd swelled beneath a cloud of red smoke. The tens of thousands of people came from across Poland and beyond, and reporters documented their signs:
“Clean Blood,” as seen by Politico.
“Pray for an Islamic Holocaust,” per CNN.
“White Europe” streaked across another banner, the Associated Press reported — as about 60,000 people chanted and marched through Warsaw in an annual gathering of Europe’s far-right movements, which have by now grown to dwarf the official version of Poland's independence day.

President Trump and his advisers have begun developing their own concrete blueprint to end the decades-old conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, a plan intended to go beyond previous frameworks offered by the American government in pursuit of what the president calls “the ultimate deal.”
After 10 months of educating themselves on the complexities of the world’s most intractable dispute, White House officials said, Mr. Trump’s team of relative newcomers to Middle East peacemaking has moved into a new phase of its venture in hopes of transforming what it has learned into tangible steps to end a stalemate that has frustrated even presidents with more experience in the region.
The prospects for peace are caught up in a web of other issues consuming the region, as demonstrated in recent days by Saudi Arabia’s growing confrontation with Iranian-backed Hezbollah in Lebanon. Israel is likewise worried about Hezbollah as well as efforts by Iran to establish a land corridor across southern Syria. If a war with Hezbollah broke out, it could scuttle any initiative with the Palestinians.

A country long divided by sectarian conflicts, Lebanon has found a rare point of unity since Saad al-Hariri’s shock resignation as prime minister: Lebanese of all stripes want him to come back from Saudi Arabia and to continue his work as premier.
Hariri left Beirut for Riyadh on Nov. 3 and resigned the following day in a speech that caught even his closest aides off guard. He cited fear of assassination and blamed Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah for sowing strife in the Arab world.
The Lebanese authorities believe Saudi Arabia forced Hariri to resign and is holding him against his will, say top Lebanese state officials and politicians close to Hariri.
While some in Lebanon believe Hariri’s decision was his own and blame Iran and Hezbollah for the crisis, many others, including some of his longtime supporters, think he was forced to quit.
Billboards and posters demanding his return have gone up across Beirut. “We want our PM back,” declared a huge billboard near the Beirut waterfront.
Runners in the annual Beirut marathon on Sunday echoed the demand. Some wore T-shirts printed with Hariri’s face and the message: “We’re all waiting for you.”
