
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Monday that Republican nominee Roy Moore should end his Senate campaign in Alabama, following allegations that he initiated a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old girl when he was 32.
“I think he should step aside,” McConnell said. His comments marked the most definitive position he has taken on Moore’s candidacy since The Washington Post reported the allegations on Thursday.
Asked by a reporter whether he believed the allegations, McConnell responded: “I believe the women, yes.”
Moore quickly fired back, showing no signs that he was preparing to bow out. He wrote on social media that McConnell is the one “who should step aside” and that he has “failed conservatives.”
Although it is too late to remove Moore’s name from the ballot before the Dec. 12 special election, McConnell said he is exploring the option of a write-in campaign by Sen. Luther Strange, whom Moore defeated in the primary, or another Republican.

General Electric, the nation’s largest industrial company, cut its dividend on Monday, only the second time it has done so since the Great Depression.
The company announced before the start of stock trading that it would reduce its quarterly payout by half, to 12 cents a share from 24 cents a share.
The dividend cut is the most emphatic move that John Flannery, G. E.’s new chief executive, has made since he took over in August. It is part of his broader plan to streamline the company by cutting costs and focusing on fewer businesses.
Last month, when G. E. reported disappointing financial results, Mr. Flannery said that the company would sharpen its focus on fewer industrial businesses and shed at least $20 billion in assets over the next two years.

A huge rescue effort is under way after a powerful earthquake struck Iran's mountainous border with Iraq, killing more than 400 people and injuring more than 7,000.
Teams are looking for survivors trapped in the rubble of collapsed buildings.
The quake is the deadliest in the world this year.
Most people who died were in western Iran - in Sarpol-e-Zahab, a town 15km (10 miles) from the border, and other parts of Kermanshah province.
The town's main hospital was severely damaged, leaving it struggling to treat hundreds of wounded, state TV reported.
A woman and her baby were pulled alive from rubble in the town, Iranian media said.
Amateur video posted to Twitter by a radio station appeared to show that many buildings in the town had collapsed.
Running water and electricity cut out in some cities, and after buildings collapsed people were forced to spend hours outdoors in parks or streets in cold weather.
Many homes in the predominantly Kurdish mountainous area are made of mud bricks and are vulnerable in quakes as large as Sunday's.

President Trump has selected Alex Azar, a former pharmaceutical executive and a top health official during the George W. Bush administration, to lead the Health and Human Services Department.
The decision to enlist the 50-year-old Azar — who served as president of Lilly USA, the biggest affiliate of Eli Lilly and Co., before stepping down in January to work as a health-care consultant — represents a pragmatic pick. An establishment figure with a reputation as a conservative thinker and methodical lawyer, Azar would be expected to use his experience as HHS general counsel and deputy secretary to pursue Trump’s goals through executive action.
In announcing the nomination Monday morning, Trump tweeted that Azar “will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!” He has a close rapport with the department’s top political appointees as well as Vice President Pence.

A woman has said she was 16 when former US President George HW Bush groped her buttocks as she took a photo with him and her mother.
Rosyln Corrigan is the sixth woman to accuse Mr Bush of inappropriately touching her in similar circumstances.
She told Time Magazine she met Mr Bush at a 2003 meeting of CIA officers in Texas, where her father worked.
"My initial reaction was absolute horror," she said about the incident. "I was really, really confused."
"I was a child," Ms Corrigan added.
A Bush spokesman has previously acknowledged he has touched several women on the rear.
On Monday, Jim McGrath, a spokesman for Mr Bush, told the BBC the 41st president, who once directed the CIA, "simply does not have it in his heart to knowingly cause anyone harm or distress, and he again apologises to anyone he may have offended during a photo op".
Ms Corrigan said the incident occurred as Mr Bush was posing for a photo with her and her mother at the CIA office in The Woodlands, Texas, in November 2003.

An elite North Korean soldier stationed at the heavily guarded Demilitarized Zone made a bold bolt for freedom Monday, defecting to South Korea despite getting shot twice, the South’s military said.
North Korean soldiers shot at the unidentified North Korean soldier when he ran from the guard post at the northern side of the village, South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement.
He suffered gunshot wounds to his elbow and shoulder and was taken to the hospital when South Korean soldiers found him about 25 minutes later on the southern side of the Joint Security Area, a strip of land where North and South Korean forces stand face-to-face, the military said, according to the South’s Yonhap News Agency.
A South Korean army soldier, second from left, is seen as medical members treat an unidentified injured person, believed to be a North Korean soldier, at a hospital in Suwon, South Korea, Monday, Nov. 13, 2017. North Korean soldiers shot at and wounded a fellow soldier who was crossing a jointly controlled area at the heavily guarded border to defect to South Korea on Monday, the South's military said.
"He crossed from a North Korea post towards our [South Korean] Freedom House,” the South said in a statement.
It’s unclear what the soldier’s conditions are or why he decided to defect to the South. The South Korean military said he was unarmed and was wearing a combat uniform for a law ranking soldier. 

Before their bilateral meeting in Manila on Monday, President Donald Trump and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte posed for pictures. Reporters were late for what is known as the "pool spray" because, according to the pool report of the meeting, they were held up by security.
When they finally got into the room, reporters asked questions of the two leaders regarding Duterte's controversial human rights record and whether Trump would raise it with him. Here's what happened next:
Duterte: "We will be discussing matters that are of interest to both the Philippines and ... with you around, guys, you are the spies."
"Hah, hah, hah," Trump said laughing.
"You are," Duterte repeated.

Parliament is to be given a take-it-or-leave-it vote on the final Brexit deal before the UK leaves the EU.
Brexit Secretary David Davis said the terms of the UK's exit, such as money, citizen rights and any transition must become law via a new Act of Parliament.
While any deal would "only hold" if MPs approved it, he said it would not alter the fact the UK was leaving the EU.
Labour welcomed a "climbdown" but some MPs warned of a "sham" if ministers could not be asked to renegotiate.
The BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg said the announcement was significant because it represented a big concession to potential Tory rebels and Labour MPs at a highly important moment in the Brexit process.
It comes as MPs prepare to debate key Brexit legislation later this week with the government facing possible defeat on aspects of the EU Withdrawal Bill, which will convert EU law into UK law.
The UK is due to leave the EU in March 2019, irrespective of whether MPs back or reject the terms of the deal negotiated by Theresa May's government.

Two Navy SEALs being investigated over the death of an Army Green Beret in Mali in June are accused of killing him after he discovered they had been stealing, according to a report in the Daily Beast.
CNN has not independently verified the information in Saturday's article, which the Daily Beast attributes to "five members of the special-operations community who were not cleared to speak publicly."
Naval Criminal Investigative Service spokesman Ed Buice confirmed to CNN last month that the NCIS was investigating whether two members of the Navy's elite SEAL Team Six killed Army Staff Sgt. Logan J. Melgar.
The New York Times was the first to report that the SEALs were under investigation for Melgar's death at a US government compound near the American embassy in Bamako, the capital.

The lord mayor of Dublin has criticised Bob Geldof over his decision to return his Freedom of the City award in protest against it also being conferred on Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
Councillor Micheal Mac Donncha said it was "ironic" that Geldof was keeping his honorary knighthood despite the UK's "shameful record" of imperialism.
Ms Suu Kyi has been accused of ignoring the persecution of Rohingya Muslims.
More than half a million have fled to Bangladesh following recent violence.
"Bob Geldof is entitled to return his award if he wishes to do so," the lord mayor was quoted as saying by BreakingNews.ie.
"It should be pointed out that as ardmhéara [lord mayor] I have condemned the persecution of the Rohingya people and their expulsion from their homes by the military in Myanmar and the failure of Aung San Suu Kyi to even acknowledge, let alone condemn, what the UN has described as ethnic cleansing."
Mr Mac Donncha is a member of Sinn Fein, a republican party that wants Britain to relinquish control of Northern Ireland.

Fifteen months ago, a group called the Shadow Brokers began to taunt the National Security Agency with proof of an extraordinary breach: By unknown means, operatives had infiltrated its operations and stolen its most potent cyber weapons. Developed by the U.S. government to penetrate or attack adversaries, those weapons were then used to attack millions of innocents worldwide.
Future attacks are “all but certain,” The New York Times reported while revisiting the matter over the weekend, yet the NSA still doesn’t know exactly what was taken, or whether its defenses were breached by an outside hacker or an insider.
Some fear a mole remains inside the intelligence agency even today.
“The leaks have renewed a debate over whether the NSA should be permitted to stockpile vulnerabilities it discovers in commercial software to use for spying rather than immediately alert software makers so the holes can be plugged,” the Times wrote. “The agency claims it has shared with the industry more than 90 [percent] of flaws it has found, reserving only the most valuable for its own hackers. But if it can’t keep those from leaking, as the last year has demonstrated, the damage to businesses and ordinary computer users can be colossal.”

Madrid believes Russian-based groups used online social media to heavily promote Catalonia’s independence referendum last month in an attempt to destabilize Spain, Spanish ministers said on Monday.
Protesters hold the lights of their mobile phones during a demonstration called by pro-independence associations asking for the release of jailed Catalan activists and leaders, in Barcelona, Spain, November 11, 2017. REUTERS/Albert Gea
Spain’s defense and foreign ministers said they had evidence that state and private-sector Russian groups, as well as groups in Venezuela, used Twitter, Facebook and other Internet sites to massively publicize the separatist cause and swing public opinion behind it in the run-up to the Oct. 1 referendum.
Catalonia’s separatist leaders have denied that Russian interference helped them in the vote.
“What we know today is that much of this came from Russian territory,” Spanish Defence Minister Maria Dolores de Cospedal said of Russian-based internet support.
“These are groups that, public and private, are trying to influence the situation and create instability in Europe,” she told reporters at a meeting of EU foreign and defense ministers in Brussels.
