
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, testifying before the House Judiciary Committee, showed selective recall on the Trump campaign’s Russia contacts.
Mr. Sessions said he had “no reason to doubt these women” who have accused the man who wants his old Senate seat, Roy S. Moore, of seeking sexual or romantic favors from them as teenagers.
 Mr. Sessions was asked about his direction that the department consider a special counsel to investigate Mr. Trump’s political opponents, including Hillary Clinton.
Mr. Sessions denied that he lied in October when he testified that he knew of nobody in the Trump campaign who had contacts with Russians during the presidential campaign. “And I don’t believe it happened,” he said.
Court records later revealed that Mr. Sessions led a March 2016 meeting in which George Papadopoulos, a campaign aide, discussed his Russian ties and suggested setting up a meeting between Mr. Trump. and Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president.

Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Tuesday that he had “no reason to doubt” the women who have made sexual misconduct allegations against Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore, joining a wave of high-profile Republicans who have expressed confidence in his accusers.
But Sessions did not say whether Moore should be seated if he wins a Dec. 12 special election. Ethics personnel at the Justice Department have advised him not to involve himself in the campaign, Sessions said.
Asked whether the Justice Department would investigate the allegations against Moore, Sessions said the agency would evaluate any allegations that they were presented with according to normal procedure, though he added, “This kind of case would normally be a state case.”
Sessions made his comments during testimony before the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday morning. Moore is running for the seat Sessions vacated this year to join the Trump administration. Some Republicans are hoping Sessions will leave his post to run as a write-in candidate against Moore.

At least five people are dead following a shooting at an elementary school in Northern California on Tuesday morning, according to authorities.
Among the dead are the gunman, who was killed by police, authorities said.
“At this point, the suspected shooter is deceased by law enforcement bullets,” Tehama County Assistant Sheriff Phil Johnston told reporters.
Authorities said the shooting occurred around 8 a.m. in Rancho Tehama, near Red Bluff, about 120 miles northwest of Sacramento.
Johnston did not have a total number of victims, but said that “a number” of students had been medically evacuated from the scene.
“We have about 100 law enforcement personnel in Rancho Tehama right now with multiple, multiple scenes,” Johnston said.
“I know that we have [airlifted] a number of students,” he told reporters. “I know that we have children that were attending school in a safe location at this time.”
Officials said the Rancho Tehama area remains on lockdown.

Roy Moore, the Republican nominee for U.S. Senate in Alabama, swears he’s innocent. “The people of Alabama know me. They know my character. They know what I have stood for in the political world for over 40 years,” Moore declared Monday night, after a fifth woman came forward to accuse him of sexually targeting her while she was a teenager (saying Moore assaulted her when she was 16). “I can tell you without hesitation this is absolutely false.”
To many of Moore’s supporters, this is a powerful message. They believe that if you have the right principles, all other truth follows. Without God, there can be no morality. With God, and with a good man like Moore, there can be no error. This mentality, known in Christian scholarship as “presuppositionalism,” sustains evangelical support for President Trump, according to Molly Worthen, a professor at the University of North Carolina, who explained the phenomenon at last week’s Faith Angle Forum in Miami Beach. People who think this way dismiss inconvenient facts. When the Washington Post goes after Moore, and when Senate leaders tell him to drop out, Moore’s believers rally around him.

Congressional lawmakers raised concerns about President Donald Trump's ability to use nuclear weapons during a hearing Capitol Hill Tuesday amid bipartisan anxiety over launch process procedures and indications that the administration has considered the option of a first strike on North Korea.
Members of the Senate foreign affairs committee called into question a decades-old presidential authority to deploy nuclear weapons in what was the first congressional hearing on nuclear authorization in decades.
"We are concerned that the President of the United States is so unstable, is so volatile, has a decision-making process that is so quixotic that he might order a nuclear weapons strike that is wildly out of step with US national security interests," said Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Connecticut.
Sen. Ed Markey, a Democrat from Massachusetts, echoed those concerns: "Many Americans fear that the President's words could turn into nuclear reality."
Republican members of the committee were less blunt in their criticism of Trump's judgment but did seek assurance that there are legal and strategic oversight measures in place to prevent the rash use of nuclear weapons.

First came the flood of social-media posts from former and current congressional employees who were sexually harassed on the job. Then came more than 1,500 names of former congressional staffers urging Congress to fix the problem.
Now, members of Congress are acknowledging they have colleagues who have engaged in lewd behavior, publicly coming to terms with sexual harassment as a pervasive problem on Capitol Hill. At a Tuesday hearing, lawmakers aired tantalizing details, albeit without naming names, of unwanted sexual comments and advances taking place in their midst.
“This is about a member, who is here now. I don’t know who it is, but somebody who I trust told me this situation,” Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.) said at the hearing on sexual harassment.
The male member tricked a young female staffer into meeting him at his residence, Comstock said. When the staffer arrived, he greeted her in a towel, then exposed himself, she said. The staffer left the house and subsequently quit her Hill job, she said.

A 60-year-old man was shot and killed Tuesday morning in Tampa's Seminole Heights area, the fourth such death in what police say is a string of unsolved killings in that neighborhood within the past month.
"It is all in the probably 10-block, 15-block area," Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn told CNN sister network HLN on Tuesday. "And so we're just going to do our good police work and hopefully get a break."
Ronald Felton was shot in the back while crossing the street just before 5 a.m. Tuesday, police said. He became the fourth victim in a string of killings that has vexed investigators who remain desperate for clues.
A witness to the shooting provided a description of the suspect, Tampa police chief Brian Dugan said. "When I spoke to her, she said if our officer had been five seconds earlier, he would have been able to stop it," he said.

David Davis is on a determined mission to show global bankers some love, promising he’ll work to protect the City of London from any trouble caused by Brexit.
The minister for exiting the European Union has made two speeches in the space of a week setting out his plan to ensure the U.K. capital keeps its status as a world-leading financial center. It’s a far cry from the prime minister’s attack last year on the international elites as the “citizens of nowhere” who had driven disillusioned voters to pull Britain out of the EU.
In his latest comments, at a UBS conference in London on Tuesday, Davis said he wanted bankers to retain their ability to transfer between offices in the U.K. and the EU after Britain leaves the bloc in 2019. And he predicted he’d win agreement on a transition period “very early next year.”
UBS Group AG is among the companies that have recently set out their plans to move London-based workers to other European cities after Brexit.
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May has proposed a two-year transition phase intended to keep businesses from triggering their contingency plans while Brexit talks continue, but the EU is reluctant to agree to the idea until Britain has signed up to the terms of the divorce.

Three UCLA basketball players accused of shoplifting in China last week were flying back to Los Angeles on Tuesday, the commissioner of the Pacific-12 athletic conference said, hours after US President Donald Trump said he asked his Chinese counterpart to help in the case.
The three freshmen -- LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill -- were allowed to leave China on the US-bound flight after the situation was "resolved to the satisfaction of the Chinese authorities," said Larry Scott, commissioner of the Pac-12 Conference, of which UCLA is a member.
"We are all very pleased that these young men have been allowed to return home to their families and university," Scott said in a news release.
The three were arrested last week while their team was in the Chinese city of Hangzhou ahead of the squad's season opener in Shanghai. They were questioned on suspicion of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store near their hotel.
The trio stayed at the hotel, reportedly awaiting next steps in their case, while their teammates went to Shanghai, where UCLA defeated Georgia Tech 63-60 on Saturday. The three also remained in China as their team returned to the United States over the weekend.

A North Korean soldier was shot at least five times as his comrades unleashed dozens of rounds at him during the man's desperate dash to defect at the Demilitarized Zone on Monday, the new details painting the escape as a more harrowing effort than what was initially reported.
The unidentified North Korean soldier-turned-defector remained at Ajou University Medical Center near Seoul on Tuesday, recovering from gunshot wounds that left him in “very dangerous” condition, said Lee Guk-jong, a doctor leading the medical team for the soldier. South Korea’s military said he suffered injuries to his internal organs but wasn’t in a life-threatening condition -- however, the medical center said the soldier was relying on a breathing machine after his surgery.
"[We] will have to ride out the crucial moments [in his recovery] over the next 10 days," the doctor said, according to South Korea’s Yonhap News Agency. He added the soldier’s survival would be determined in the coming days.

Zimbabwe’s ruling party said on Tuesday it would never give in to military pressure and accused the head of the armed forces of treasonable conduct after armored vehicles were seen heading towards the capital Harare.
The city was calm but the country has been on edge since Monday when Constantino Chiwenga, Commander of Zimbabwe Defence Forces, said he was prepared to “step in” to end a purge of supporters of a sacked vice president.
That unprecedented statement represented a sharp escalation of a rumbling political struggle over who will succeed President Robert Mugabe, 93, who has been in power since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980.
Mugabe chaired a weekly cabinet meeting in the capital on Tuesday. Afterwards, the ruling party, ZANU-PF, said it stood by the “primacy of politics over the gun” and accused Chiwenga of trying to disturb the country’s peace and stability.

The Syrian Foreign Ministry issued a firm warning to the U.S. and other foreign forces in Syria Tuesday without the approval of President Bashar al-Assad, telling them their presence was a violation of international law and accusing them of making matters worse for the war-torn country that days ago declared victory against the Islamic State militant group (ISIS).
The ministry issued the statement in direct response to remarks by Defense Secretary James Mattis, who suggested a day earlier that U.S. forces would not be leaving anytime soon. Unlike allies Russia and Iran, which intervened against Syrian insurgents and jihadis at the request of Assad, the U.S. entered the conflict without the Syrian leader's permission and has called for his removal. With ISIS effectively defeated, the ministry urged Washington and its allies to exit immediately.
"The presence of U.S. forces or any foreign military presence in Syria without the consent of the Syrian government constitutes an act of aggression and an attack on the sovereignty of the Syrian Arab Republic as well as a gross violation of the charter and principles of the United Nations," the ministry quoted an official source as saying.
