
A workhorse truck and a new super car are in the works for Tesla, after founder and CEO Elon Musk introduced his company's latest effort to widen the U.S. market for electric vehicles Thursday night. Musk called the Roadster "the fastest production car ever made, period."
Musk unveiled the Roadster toward the end of an event that was supposed to be all about Tesla's new Semi trucks. Taking a page from Apple and other tech companies in using showmanship to wow crowds, Musk surprised the crowd by announcing there was one more thing to add — and the new car rolled out of the truck's trailer.
After touting the utility and efficiency of what he called a game-changing truck, Musk welcomed the Roadster to cheers from those attending the event at the Hawthorne Municipal Airport near Los Angeles.
Both vehicles are fast: The Roadster can take itself from zero to 60 mph in 1.9 seconds, and the Semi can perform the same feat in 5 seconds (unburdened by a trailer), Tesla says.

While President Donald Trump was overseas, he urged on congressional Republicans who were forging ahead with their tax plans. 
"I am proud of the Republican House and Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes and reform," Trump tweeted Nov. 13. "We’re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair and highly unpopular Individual Mandate in Obamacare and reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35 percent with all of the rest going to middle income cuts?"
From Trump's tweet to the Senate Republicans' ears, apparently.  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., emerged from a closed-door Republican caucus meeting Nov. 14 saying, "We’re optimistic that inserting the individual mandate repeal would be helpful." The Congressional Budget Office estimated that repeal would reduce deficits by more than $300 billion over 10 years, although about 13 million fewer people would not have health insurance.
The health care law’s requirement that most people have coverage has long stuck in Trump’s throat.

THERE WAS A PAUSE. It was Aug. 9, inside Roger Goodell's sixth-floor office at the NFL's Park Avenue headquarters in New York City -- down the hall, past the executives' offices and his assistant's desk, and through a large, thick wooden door that is both imposing and usually left open to serve as a welcome. Goodell huddled over a speakerphone with general counsel Jeff Pash. On the other end was Jerry Jones. Adhering to the protocol of giving owners a 48-hour heads-up before a major disciplinary issue involving their team is announced, Goodell and Pash informed Jones that after a 13-month domestic violence inquiry, the Dallas Cowboys' star running back, Ezekiel Elliott, would face punishment -- a six-game suspension.
The line went quiet. Seconds passed. Goodell's decision was an unconscionable violation of trust, Jones later told associates, because he believed that the commissioner had assured him this past spring that there would be no suspension. Jones saw in Elliott a genuine opportunity, a player so good that he had made Jones believe that this year he just might win a Super Bowl for the first time since 1996. His anger was palpable. Finally, according to sources with direct knowledge of the call, Jones broke the silence. He aimed his words not only at Goodell's decision but also at his role as judge, jury and executioner in the case.
"I'm gonna come after you with everything I have," Jones said. Then he mentioned Deflategate. "If you think Bob Kraft came after you hard, Bob Kraft is a p---y compared to what I'm going to do."

Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, who holds Hillary Clinton’s former seat, said on Thursday that Bill Clinton should have resigned the presidency after his inappropriate relationship with an intern came to light nearly 20 years ago.
Asked directly if she believed Mr. Clinton should have stepped down at the time, Ms. Gillibrand took a long pause and said, “Yes, I think that is the appropriate response.”
But she also appeared to signal that what is currently considered a fireable offense may have been more often overlooked during the Clinton era.
“Things have changed today, and I think under those circumstances there should be a very different reaction,” Ms. Gillibrand said. “And I think in light of this conversation, we should have a very different conversation about President Trump, and a very different conversation about allegations against him.”

In December of 2006, I embarked on my ninth USO Tour to entertain our troops, my eighth to the Middle East since the 9/11 attacks. My father served in Vietnam and my then-boyfriend (and now husband, Chris) is a pilot in the Air Force, so bringing a ‘little piece of home’ to servicemembers stationed far away from their families was both my passion and my privilege.
Also on the trip were country music artists Darryl Worley, Mark Wills, Keni Thomas, and some cheerleaders from the Dallas Cowboys. The headliner was comedian and now-senator, Al Franken.
Franken had written some skits for the show and brought props and costumes to go along with them. Like many USO shows before and since, the skits were full of sexual innuendo geared toward a young, male audience.
As a TV host and sports broadcaster, as well as a model familiar to the audience from the covers of FHM, Maxim and Playboy, I was only expecting to emcee and introduce the acts, but Franken said he had written a part for me that he thought would be funny, and I agreed to play along.

Dozens of neighbors rushed to the scene of a massive fire that injured at least 20 people at a Pennsylvania senior living community late, wrapping elderly people in blankets and transporting them to ambulances.
Larry Kingsland, 62, said Friday he and scores of people who live around the Barclay Friends Senior Living Community ferried elderly residents to medics as firefighters rescued them from the blaze.
"Everyone saw how devastating the fire was and we all had the same reaction: that people needed help," he said of the late Thursday inferno in West Chester, about 35 miles (56 kilometers) west of Philadelphia. "The whole neighborhood was helping."
Firefighters were still dousing smoldering hot spots on what remains of the building late morning Friday. The fire was declared under control just before 1:30 a.m. An investigation into what caused the blaze is underway, a town fire chief said.
The fire quickly spread to multiple buildings, engulfing sections within minutes; flames could be seen shooting from the roofs and windows of the structures.
Many of the residents were pushed in wheelchairs or rolled on beds to safety, said Dina Ciccarone, another neighbor who helped move people away from the fire and into safety. In some cases, she said, people used blankets as makeshift gurneys to assist in the rescue effort.

For seven years, Angela Merkel has topped Forbes magazine's list of the most powerful women in the world. In the wake of populism's rise in European and U.S. politics, she's seen by many as a vital pillar of Western values and multilateralism.
But the 63-year-old chancellor of Germany could soon lose her job if she fails to form a new government.
That prospect is growing, even as the four political parties she needs for a governing coalition agreed early Friday to try one last time to overcome their seemingly insurmountable differences in the coming days.
"I think it's 'Jamaica' or it's over," warned commentator Nico Fried of the daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung, referring to the nickname Germans have given the would-be coalition, whose parties' black, yellow and green colors match those of the Caribbean nation's flag. "This could be the end of Angela Merkel."
Among the key sticking points is how Germany plans to mitigate climate change, like whether to cut back on coal use, which accounts for 40 percent of German electrical power. Or whether to allow certain categories of refugees who've been granted asylum in Germany to send for their relatives, which officials estimate would amount to 150,000 to 180,000 people. Proponents say refugees can't integrate into German society if they are forced to leave their families behind, while opponents argue Germany is already overwhelmed by asylum seekers.

A North Korean soldier who was shot while fleeing across the border has an extremely high level of parasites in his intestines, his doctors say.
The defector crossed the demilitarised zone on Monday, but was shot several times by North Korean border guards.
Doctors say the patient is stable - but "an enormous number" of worms in his body are contaminating his wounds and making his situation worse.
His condition is thought to give a rare insight into life in North Korea.
"I've never seen anything like this in my 20 years as a physician," South Korean doctor Lee Cook-jong told journalists, explaining that the longest worm removed from the patient's intestines was 27cm (11in) long.
What does it tell us about N Korea's standards of health?
"North Korea is a very poor country and like any other poor country it has serious health problems," Prof Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul told the BBC.
"North Korea does not have the resources to have a modern medical system," he says. "Its doctors are relatively poorly trained and have to work with primitive equipment."

A visit by Zimbabwean army commander Constantino Chiwenga to China would not normally be seen as unusual, given Beijing's status as Zimbabwe's largest foreign investor and longtime ally.
But days after Chiwenga returned from a recent trip to meet senior Chinese military leaders, Harare was plunged into political chaos as the Zimbabwean military -- led by Chiwenga -- seized control and placed President Robert Mugabe under house arrest.
In that context, Chiwenga's visit to China has come under scrutiny, with speculation that had sought Beijing's tacit approval for a possible move against Mugabe.
China's involvement in Zimbabwe stretches back to the 1970s, when Beijing covertly supplied ammunition and financing to Mugabe's guerrilla forces during the country's war of independence. In the intervening years, China has continued to provide financial and political support to the African nation, investing extensively across a range of sectors and helping to develop key infrastructure projects.
"Since Mugabe took power he has been consistently supported by the Chinese government. China has become the second largest trading partner with Zimbabwe and has invested very largely in the country," said Wang Xinsong, associate professor at Beijing Normal University School of Social Development and Public Policy. China would be very reluctant to see Zimbabwe fall into a period of social instability and political turmoil, he added.

Raqqa, the de facto capital of the Islamic State, is taken and in ruins.
U.S. troops and civilian aid workers are in the Syrian city, helping local officials restore basic services such as food, water and electricity.
But the recapture of ISIS-held territory in Iraq and Syria is only a partial win for U.S. policy. After seven years of civil war, the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad remains in power. The other U.S. objectives — the end of Assad, a new Syrian constitution and democratic elections — remain unfulfilled.
Despite the defeat of ISIS, Defense Secretary James Mattis told reporters this week that U.S. forces will remain in Syria.
The intention, he said, is to prevent the appearance of "ISIS 2.0."
There are hundreds of U.S. troops in Syria. Pentagon officials say the U.S. is on solid legal ground to be there because the U.N. Security Council endorsed the anti-ISIS mission. But Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says the U.S. presence is "illegitimate."

The Naval Air Station Whidbey Island in Washington admitted one of its aircraft was involved in drawing lewd images in the sky Thursday.
Residents of Okanogan County, Wash., sent photos of the obscene skywritings to KREM. The photos resembled a phallic symbol.
One woman told KREM that she was “upset” and was unsure how to describe the drawings to her young children.
Officials from the Naval Air Station Whidbey Island told KREM in a statement that the drawings were “absolutely unacceptable.”
"The Navy holds its aircrew to the highest standards and we find this absolutely unacceptable, of zero training value and we are holding the crew accountable,” Navy officials told KREM.
The Federal Aviation Administration told KREM that the graphic drawings did not pose a safety risk and there was nothing it “could do about it.”

A married teacher in Oklahoma was arrested Wednesday and accused of having a sexual relationship with an underage student, KWTV reported.
Hunter Day, 22, who teaches science at Yukon High School, was arrested by the Canadian County Sheriff’s Department on complaints of second-degree rape, facilitating sexual contact with a minor and possession of child pornography, KWTV reported. She is reportedly married to the school’s football coach.
The sheriff’s office said the investigation began when they were reportedly contacted by the boy’s parents. The boy’s cell phone allegedly contained explicit text messages and nude photographs, the sheriff’s office told KWTV. Authorities did not reveal the age of the boy, except to note that he was underage.
“This is a classic case of a serious breach of public trust. School teachers are entrusted to protect and educate our children, not to engage in an unlawful sexual relationship with them,” Canadian County Sheriff Chris West said.
Investigators said Day and the boy had arranged a meeting on the day of the arrest, KWTV reported. When deputies arrived at the home, they sent Day a text message from the boy’s phone, saying, “I’m here.” Day allegedly responded, “The doors [sic] unlocked as usual.”

Rev. Jamie Johnson resigned Thursday as the head of faith-based and neighborhood partnerships at the Department of Homeland Security after a CNN KFile report revealed inflammatory past comments he made about the black community and Islam.
In past radio appearances, Johnson had said the black community was responsible for turning major US cities into "slums" and argued that Islam's only contribution to society was "oil and dead bodies."
DHS Press secretary Tyler Houlton confirmed the resignation, which was first reported by The Hill, to CNN in a statement.
"Acting Secretary Duke has accepted Rev. Jamie Johnson's resignation as Director of the Center for Faith-Based & Neighborhood Partnerships at DHS. His comments made prior to joining the Department of Homeland Security clearly do not reflect the values of DHS and the administration. The Department thanks him for his recent work assisting disaster victims and the interfaith community," Houlton said.
Prior to his resignation, Johnson apologized for his comments, telling CNN earlier Thursday: "I regret the manner in which those thoughts were expressed in the past, but can say unequivocally that they do not represent my views personally or professionally."