
Malcolm Young, guitarist and co-founder of AC/DC, died Saturday at the age of 64. Young had been suffering with dementia for the past three years, an illness that forced his retirement from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame-inducted band he founded with his brother Angus Young in 1973.
"Today it is with deep heartfelt sadness that AC/DC has to announce the passing of Malcolm Young," AC/DC wrote in a statement.
"Malcolm, along with Angus, was the founder and creator of AC/DC. With enormous dedication and commitment he was the driving force behind the band. As a guitarist, songwriter and visionary he was a perfectionist and a unique man. He always stuck to his guns and did and said exactly what he wanted. He took great pride in all that he endeavored. His loyalty to the fans was unsurpassed."
Angus Young added, "As his brother it is hard to express in words what he has meant to me during my life, the bond we had was unique and very special. He leaves behind an enormous legacy that will live on forever. Malcolm, job well done."
The Young brothers lost their older brother George Young, the Easybeats guitarist and AC/DC's longtime producer, in October at the age of 70.
In an additional statement from Malcolm Young's family, the band said that Malcolm Young died peacefully Saturday with his family by his side.

Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans gathered in the capital on Saturday, hooting, whistling and hugging soldiers as they called for President Robert Mugabe to give up power, days after a military takeover placed him under house arrest.
In scenes perhaps unthinkable only months ago, people marched side by side with members of the military — who rode armed tanks — and the protesters hailed the Army as setting them free from Mr. Mugabe’s 37-year autocratic rule.
“Mugabe must go, and his goons must leave. We have been victimized by Mugabe for too long,” said Nigel Mukwena, a 24-year-old student of political science at the University of Zimbabwe.
Others took selfies of the military at the rally, which converged on Zimbabwe Grounds, known as the site of addresses by Mr. Mugabe and other icons of the nation’s liberation. The scenes, and the celebratory air, were a seminal shift for the country’s 93-year-old leader — Africa’s oldest.
Brezhnev Malaba, assistant editor of The Zimbabwe Independent newspaper, tweeted in the early hours of the march: “There are decades in which nothing happens; and then, suddenly, there are days in which whole decades happen. Zimbabwe is at that moment. Astonishing scenes here in Harare.”

Tensions over class warfare and whether GOP tax plans help the rich over the middle class and poor are building in Congress as Republicans march forward with their legislation.
Democrats have been forcefully and repeatedly arguing that the GOP wants to cut taxes for wealthy individuals and corporations at the expense of everyone else. Republicans, annoyed with the attacks, have pushed back, saying their focus is on the middle class.
The issue came to a head late Thursday with an eruption from Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) toward the end of a grueling four-day markup of the chamber’s bill.
The 83-year-old chairman blew up after Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) argued that the bill is geared toward the rich.
“I come from the poor people, and I’ve been here working my whole stinking career for people who don’t have a chance,” said Hatch, who was first elected to the Senate in 1976 and is battling rumors that this will be his final term. “And I really resent anybody saying that I’m just doing this for the rich. Give me a break.”
“I think you guys overplay that all the time and it gets old, and frankly you ought to quit it,” he said in a moment that quickly went viral.

An Argentine navy submarine with 44 crew members has been missing for three days after the navy lost contact with it off the country's Atlantic coast, the military service says.
The ARA San Juan submarine was last spotted Wednesday in the San Jorge Gulf, a few hundred kilometers off the coast of southern Argentina's Patagonia region, the navy said.
Crews are searching for the vessel by air and sea, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters Friday.
The submarine had been traveling from a base in far southern Argentina's Tierra del Fuego archipelago to its home base in Mar del Plata, a city hundreds of miles to the northeast. The sub's last known location in the San Jorge Gulf is nearly midway between the bases.
The vessel had been due to arrive at its destination Sunday.
Officials hope the crew would bring the sub to the surface, if possible, Balbi said.
"The submarine knows that if it does not have communication with land for this long, it has to surface," Balbi said.

Look! Up in the sky!
It’s a bird.
It’s a plane.
No, it’s a phallic skydrawing, and a military aircraft is the culprit.
Okanogan residents told The Spokesman-Review that they saw the male genitalia deliberately being drawn in the skies above their town by a jet around noon Thursday.
Images of the drawing were quickly posted to social media, residents said, and sent around town through text message.
The Naval Air Station in Whidbey Island has claimed responsibility for the drawing, calling it “unacceptable” and “of zero training value.”
The base’s public affairs office on Friday referred questions to the Navy’s Pacific Fleet headquarters in San Diego, where Lt. Cmdr. Leslie Hubbell said the crew involved in the sky-drawing would be held accountable.
Hubbell said an investigation has been launched, although it’s not clear who in the chain of command will make the final decision on disciplinary action. She declined to speculate on whether the crew members involved could be discharged.
Hubbell said the aircraft involved was an EA-18G Growler from the VAQ-130 Electronic Attack Squadron based at Whidbey Island, on a “routine training” flight. The highly maneuverable plane is a cousin of the F/A-18 Super Hornet, outiftted with radar and communication jamming equipment.

The director of Puerto Rico's power company resigned on Friday amid ongoing blackouts and scrutiny of a contract awarded to a small Montana-based company to help rebuild the electric grid destroyed by Hurricane Maria.
Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority said Ricardo Ramos presented his letter of resignation to the company's board effective immediately. Ramos said in a brief video posted on Twitter Friday evening that it was a very personal decision and that it had nothing to do with any issues covered by the media.
"The focus has to remain on restoring the electrical system," he said as he thanked his power company crews and those that had arrived from New York and Florida.
Gov. Ricardo Rossello briefly told reporters that Ramos is a professional who worked hard to bring power back to Puerto Rico, but that "there were a series of distractions, and a decision was taken to go in another direction."
Try NEW PAM Spray Pump the next time you want your omelet to come out perfectly. With 1 gram of fat and 10 calories per serving it helps you avoid all those extra calories from cooking with too much butter and oil. Plus, it has the superior non-stick you love.
"That resignation was taken ... in the best interest of the people of Puerto Rico," he said.
Hours after the resignation, Rossello recommended that the board appoint Justo Gonzalez, the company's power generation director, as interim director.

A North Korean soldier’s bold attempt to defect by crossing the heavily guarded border with South Korea galvanized attention this week.
But perhaps more surprising was the disclosure by surgeons struggling to save his life of what they found while repairing his intestinal wounds: dozens of parasitic worms, some as long as 11 inches.
“In my 20 years as a surgeon, I have only seen something like this in a medical textbook,” said Dr. Lee Cook-jong, a lead surgeon.
The discovery opened a window on the dire conditions in North Korea, including poor hygiene and nutrition. The news shocked many people in prosperous South Korea.
Surgeons raced to save the North Korean soldier, whose name and rank have not been released, who sustained serious bullet wounds racing across the border while his own troops fired on him.
“We have found dozens of fully grown parasitic worms in his damaged intestines,’’ said Dr. Lee Cook-jong, a lead surgeon. “It was a serious parasitic infection.”
During a news briefing this week, Dr. Lee showed photographs of worms as long as 10 or 11 inches.

In a surprising reversal, President Donald Trump announced on Friday night that he would halt plans to allow elephant trophies from two African nations to be imported to the U.S, pending a review.
"Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!" Trump tweeted.
In a statement later on Friday night, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said he spoke with Trump and they decided "that conservation & healthy herds are critical."
"As a result, in a manner compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the issuing of permits is being put on hold as the decision is being removed," Zinke's statement continued.

Lebanon’s absent prime minister arrived in France on Saturday morning after two weeks in Saudi Arabia, a mysterious stay that touched off intense speculation that he was being held against his will.
The prime minister, Saad Hariri, who has not publicly explained the nature of his stay in Saudi Arabia, met with the French president, Emmanuel Macron, for lunch at the Élysée Palace and confirmed that he would travel to Beirut later in the week.
The meeting with Mr. Macron came hours after a phone call between Mr. Macon and the Lebanese president, Michel Aoun, the French president’s office said. Officials said that Mr. Aoun had thanked Mr. Macron for “France’s actions in favor of Lebanon” and confirmed that Mr. Hariri would be in Beirut for Lebanon’s Independence Day holiday, which is Wednesday.
Mr. Hariri later said in short statements to the news media that he would announce his position on the crisis in his country after holding talks with Mr. Aoun, according to Reuters. He thanked France for the “positive political role” it was playing in the Middle East.
“With regard to the political situation in Lebanon, I will go to Beirut in the coming days, I will participate in the independence celebrations, and it is there that I will make known my position on these subjects after meeting President Aoun,” Mr. Hariri was quoted as saying.

Do you remember coming home from school to tell your mother or father another kid had been nasty to you in the playground? And all you wanted was to be his friend?
Then spare a thought for Donald Trump, who was going through the same troubles with a moody young pal from North Korea as his tour of Asia came to an end last weekend.
“Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me ‘old’, when I would NEVER call him ‘short and fat?’” Trump asked his mommy – I mean, his 42.9 million Twitter followers. “Oh well,” he added poignantly, “I try so hard to be his friend – and maybe someday that will happen!”
Analysis Tracking Trump: mood swings in Asia and election struggles at home
The US president’s comments wavered from aggressive to conciliatory as he visited South Korea, Japan and China – and finally made a stop in Vietnam
Poor Donald. Maybe get some sleep. This has been a long trip and you’ve had to deal with some difficult geopolitical issues. Things never seem quite as bad in the morning. I’m sure Kim just wants to be your friend, too. He has a funny way of showing it, that’s all.

A manhunt was underway in western Pennsylvania early Saturday for a suspect in the fatal shooting of a rookie police officer Friday night in a town outside Pittsburgh.
The suspect is considered armed and dangerous, authorities said.
Officer Brian Shaw had been with the New Kensington, Pa., police department for less than a year, police Chief Jim Klein said at a news conference, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported.
"I'm asking anybody with any information, as minute as they think it might be, please, please give us a call. We need to find the person who did this," Klein said, Pittsburgh's WTAE-TV reported.
Meanwhile, authorities located a brown, older model Jeep Grand Cherokee that had been sought in connection with the slaying, police said.
Residents of the neighborhood where the shooting took place said they’d experienced some recent trouble in the community, with one resident telling the Post-Gazette about a methamphetamine lab bust that occurred last week just down the block.
Gileyla Jones, 17, told the Post-Gazette she “knew something bad must have happened” when multiple police cars sped past her on her way home.

A senior Russian official who claimed to be acting at the behest of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia tried in May 2016 to arrange a meeting between Mr. Putin and Donald J. Trump, according to several people familiar with the matter.
The news of this reached the Trump campaign in a very circuitous way. An advocate for Christian causes emailed campaign aides saying that Alexander Torshin, the deputy governor of the Russian central bank who has been linked both to Russia’s security services and organized crime, had proposed a meeting between Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump. The subject line of the email, turned over to Senate investigators, read, “Russian backdoor overture and dinner invite,” according to one person who has seen the message.
The proposal made its way to the senior levels of the Trump campaign before Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and a top campaign aide, sent a message to top campaign officials rejecting it, according to two people who have seen Mr. Kushner’s message.
Though the meeting never happened, Mr. Torshin’s request is the latest example of how the Russian government intensified its effort to contact and influence the Trump campaign last year as Mr. Trump was closing in on the Republican presidential nomination. It came just weeks after a self-described intermediary for the Russian government told a Trump campaign aide, George Papadopoulos, that the Russians had “dirt” on Mr. Trump’s rival, Hillary Clinton, in the form of “thousands of emails.”
Soon after Mr. Torshin’s outreach fizzled, Donald Trump Jr., the president’s eldest son, arranged a meeting at Trump Tower after being told that a Russian lawyer with ties to the Kremlin would bring damaging information about Mrs. Clinton to the meeting.
