
President Robert Mugabe’s own party voted to oust him as its leader on Sunday, a day after thousands of Zimbabweans took to the streets to celebrate his stunning fall from power after a military takeover.
The governing ZANU-PF party, which held emergency talks at its headquarters in the capital, Harare, to consider the fate of the president who had ruled for 37 years, appointed the previously fired vice president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, as Mr. Mugabe’s successor.
Under the Constitution, Mr. Mugabe remains president, even if in name only. But if he does not resign by noon Monday, the committee members decided, he would face impeachment by Parliament.
Cheers and dancing broke out in the building after the vote, according to video shared on social media.
Before the committee’s decision, Chris Mutsvangwa, a war veteran who has led the campaign to oust Mr. Mugabe, said as he went into the meeting, “We are going all the way,” according to Reuters.
He said that Mr. Mugabe should just resign and leave the country: “He’s trying to bargain for a dignified exit but he should just smell the coffee.”

It's hard to overstate how thoroughly the U.S. military has prepared for doomsday — the day America gets into a nuclear shooting war.
No detail seems to have been overlooked. There's even a designated "safe escape" door at the nuclear-warfighting headquarters near Omaha, Nebraska, through which the four-star commander would rush to a getaway plane moments before the first bomb hit.
Procedures are in place for ensuring U.S. nuclear weapons are ready for a presidential launch order in response to — or in anticipation of — a nuclear attack by North Korea or anyone else. There are backup procedures and backups for the backups.
And yet fundamental aspects of this nightmare sequence remain a mystery.
For example, what would happen if an American president ordered a nuclear strike, for whatever reason, and the four-star general at Strategic Command balked or refused, believing it to be illegal?

Argentine authorities received a few blips of hope in their effort to find a three-decade old submarine — and 44 crew members — that suddenly stopped communicating during a routine mission on Wednesday.
That hope came in the form of seven signals to a satellite, which defense officials believe may have been attempts to communicate. Contact wasn’t made and nothing was transmitted, but the signals, if from the sub, are the first signs of life from the ARA San Juan.
“We received seven satellite calls that likely came from the submarine San Juan. We are working hard to locate it,”

LaToya Cantrell, a City Council member who first gained a political following as she worked to help her hard-hit neighborhood recover from Hurricane Katrina, won a historic election Saturday that made her the first woman mayor of New Orleans.
The Democrat will succeed term-limited fellow Democrat Mitch Landrieu as the city celebrates its 300th anniversary next year.
“Almost 300 years, my friends. And New Orleans, we’re still making history,” Cantrell told a cheering crowd in her victory speech.
The leader in most polls before the runoff election, she never trailed as votes were counted.
Her opponent, former municipal Judge Desiree Charbonnet, conceded the race and congratulated Cantrell late Saturday. Later, complete returns showed Cantrell with 60 percent of the vote.
“I do not regret one moment of anything about this campaign,” Charbonnet said.
The two women led a field of 18 candidates in an October general election to win runoff spots.

A Republican tax plan has passed the House, but obstacles remain in the Senate. One of those obstacles: The plan appears to be not just unpopular, but also distinctively — almost historically — unpopular.
My fellow George Washington University political scientist Chris Warshaw compiled public polls capturing support for major legislation dating back almost 30 years. Here’s what he found:
On average, only about 30 percent of Americans support the tax plan. This is lower than support for almost any of these legislative initiatives. The only thing that was less popular was … the Republican health-care...

Embattled Senate candidate Roy Moore is pinning his hopes for victory on Alabama’s long-held tradition of sharp defiance to perceived threats from forces outside the state.
That rebellious spirit, which dates to long before the state’s segregationist Gov. George Wallace became a national figure in the 1960s by railing against the “central government” in Washington, has been apparent in recent days as top state GOP officials have closed ranks around Moore amid a stream of allegations of sexual misconduct against the Republican and calls by national party leaders for him to step aside.

When Britain's 21-year-old Princess Elizabeth married 26-year-old Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten at Westminster Abbey in 1947, the wedding sparked joy and celebration in a country just recovering from World War II.
Seven decades on, the couple who would become Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip - now 91 and 96, respectively - are still going strong, their marriage a bedrock in British public life amid a world of change.
On Monday, they mark their 70th wedding anniversary, though officials say the milestone will be celebrated privately and no public events are planned. The royal family is reportedly marking the date with a gathering at Windsor Castle.
The queen is the first monarch in British history to celebrate a platinum wedding anniversary.
At their 50th wedding anniversary, Elizabeth praised her husband as "quite simply... my strength and stay all these years."
Elizabeth first met Philip, a naval officer and the son of Prince Andrew of Greece, as they attended the wedding of Philip's cousin in 1934.
The pair wed at Westminster Abbey in London on Nov. 20, 1947. It would be nearly another six years before Elizabeth would be crowned as monarch, also at Westminster Abbey.

The Palestinians threatened on Saturday to suspend all communication with the United States if the Trump administration follows through with plans to close their diplomatic office in Washington. The potential rupture in relations threatens to undermine President Donald Trump’s bid for Mideast peace — a mission he has handed his son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said the U.S. decision was “very unfortunate and unacceptable,” and accused Washington of bowing to pressure from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government “at a time when we are trying to cooperate to achieve the ultimate deal.”

A special envoy from President Xi Jinping of China discussed regional and mutual concerns with senior North Korean officials in Pyongyang on Saturday, the North’s state media said.
The trip by the special envoy, Song Tao, to the North Korean capital came as the Trump administration pressed Mr. Xi to help restrain North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs by exerting China’s economic leverage over its impoverished neighbor.
“The two sides exchanged their views on such matters of mutual concern as the situation of the Korean Peninsula and region and bilateral relations,” the North’s official Korean Central News Agency said, without offering further details on Mr. Song’s discussions with Ri Su-yong, a top North Korean foreign relations official.
During his visit, Mr. Song was widely expected to try to ease the standoff over North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs.
Relations between the two neighboring communist countries have shown signs of fraying in recent years as North Korea stepped up its missile and nuclear tests, and China supported American-led efforts to impose increasingly tougher sanctions against the North.

Why was Piglet staring down the toilet? He was looking for Pooh. Today, November 19th is Toilet Day. Urine for a treat. So what should we all do to celebrate? Spend a penny.
Go to the jax, the john, the loo, the crapper, the lav, the WC. Use the facilities, the bathroom, the restroom, the washroom, the little girls’/boys’ room (if we’re going to be more decorous and euphemistic, using the name of the room so no one has to contemplate bodily functions). Take a pee, a slash, a leak, a widdle. Number one and number two. Go on, go on, go on.
We prefer the loo or the toilet, the Brits like the lavatory, the French have the double-vee-cee, the Americans use the restroom.
You could get a thesis out of the social constructs around the terminology for basic functions, and what the degree of openness or euphemism says about various societies.

An anti-LGBT Ohio lawmaker who resigned this week over “inappropriate behavior” with another man at his legislative office had a history of aggressively pursuing gay men during his time in Washington D.C.
The revelations are a stark contrast to the conservative beliefs — like marriage only occurring between a man and a woman — that state Rep. Wesley Goodman touted in his public life.
Goodman, a former congressional staffer who also worked for conservative groups, was “all over Craigslist,” Chris Donnelly, who posted ads on the classifieds site, told Cleveland.com.
Donnelly, also a Republican congressional aide, said Goodman replied to one of his posts and they had a sexual rendezvous in 2008. He showed the news site emails from an account using the name Brad Murphey — a “straight/curious” man who needed to keep things quiet.
