
A woman accused Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken on Thursday of groping her and kissing her without her consent in 2006 while she was on a USO Tour overseas.
Leeann Tweeden is now a morning news anchor on TalkRadio 790 KABC in Los Angeles and posted her story in a lengthy post on the station's website.
The alleged incidents happened before Franken was elected to the Senate in 2008 and was seated in 2009 following a recount.
Tweeden described the harassment as being part of a script for a USO skit where Franken wrote where he's supposed to kiss her. She writes that Franken repeatedly insisted they rehearse the kissing scene despite her protests. When she relented, Franken, "put his hand on the back of my head, mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth."
"Senator Franken, you wrote the script," Tweeden wrote. "But there's nothing funny about sexual assault."

House Republicans are hoping to pass a massive package of corporate and individual tax cuts, holding a final vote on their highly-anticipated tax overhaul plan Thursday afternoon.
The bill would slash the corporate tax rate, cut taxes for individuals and reduce the number of tax brackets.
The president, looking for a major legislative win for the Trump White House, has been urging Republicans to pass tax legislation for months. He is visiting Capitol Hill on Thursday morning in a final lobbying push to House Republicans.
Mr. Trump tweeted in advance of Thursday's vote, saying "tax cuts are getting close!" and blamed Democrats for fighting "massive tax cuts for the middle class and business" citing "obstruction and delay."
Republicans will need 218 votes to pass the bill, and there are 240 GOP lawmakers and 194 Democrats in the House. With the expectation that no Democrats will support this bill, Republicans can afford to lose the support of 22 members.
Thursday's vote is expected to take place around 1:30 p.m. ET. The Senate will also have to vote on its version, and then the two bills, if they both pass, would be reconciled in conference.

Walmart delivered another blockbuster quarter fueled by strong online sales growth and an uptick in its food business. The Arkansas-based company said e-commerce sales surged 50 percent in the fiscal third quarter, while same-store sales were up 2.7 percent.
The world's largest retailer has been pursuing a digitally focused growth strategy for the last
year, which includes an aggressive push into online grocery and increased capital spending on digital supply chain capabilities and in-store technology.
Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon noted that a series of strategic initiatives paid off last quarter, including expanded online grocery pickup, and the launch of mobile express returns. McMillon also highlighted the company's use of aisle-roaming robots to improve out-of-stock issues and price discrepancies in its stores.
McMillon said Walmart's food business posted its strongest performance in quarterly comp sales in almost six years.

The day after returning from his overseas trip, President Trump fired off tweets criticizing CNN and the New York Times, jabbing Democrats for not supporting the GOP’s tax plan and wondering if three UCLA basketball players would thank him for freeing them from jail in China. But he never once discussed the scandal involving Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore, who now faces a total of nine women alleging inappropriate behavior by him.
After delivering remarks about his trip to Asia, Trump declined to answer reporters’ shouted questions about Moore. “Should Roy Moore resign, Mr. President?” He gave no answer.
While in Asia, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders issued the official White House response on Moore. “Like most Americans the president believes we cannot allow a mere allegation, in this case one from many years ago, to destroy a person’s life," she told reporters last week aboard Air Force One. "However, the president also believes that if these allegations are true, Judge Moore will do the right thing and step aside."

The US Fish and Wildlife service will remove the ban against importing trophies from elephants killed in Zimbabwe and Zambia back to the US. 
The Obama Administration put the ban in place in 2014 after elephant numbers dropped. 
Hunting advocacy groups cheered the move, while animal rights activists decried it. 
The Trump Administration will remove protections against importing trophies from elephants hunted legally in Zimbabwe into the US, in a reversal of Obama-era policy. 
That means that US hunters will be able to bring the ivory of elephants they have killed back into the US, potentially disrupting the movement to end the global ivory trade. The move also applies to elephants shot and killed in Zambia.
While hunting elephants is legal in a number of African countries — under a strict permitting system where hunters pay high fees for the privilege — the Obama Administration put restrictions on the import of trophies in place in 2014 after the number of elephants dropped. 
African elephants are listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act, according to the US Fish and Wildlife Service. Under the Act, hunting trophies, like elephant tusks, can only be imported if the federal government finds that killing them will aid the long-term survival of the species. 

Zimbabwe's embattled President Robert Mugabe has been shown in talks with the commander of the country's defense forces, a day after the military seized control of the capital.
Photographs published by the pro-Mugabe Herald newspaper are the first images seen of the veteran leader since he was placed under house arrest Wednesday morning and the military staged an apparent coup. The Herald's editor, Caesar Zvayi, also tweeted the images.
Among the group of people in the photos is a priest, reported earlier to be brokering the talks for a transitional government, and two South African envoys.
Mugabe appears calm in the photos as he talks with army leader Commander General Constantino Chiwenga. The commander warned the President on Monday that the military could intervene after Mugabe dismissed Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, triggering the political tumult.

The Old Vic theater here said 20 people have come forward with allegations of inappropriate behavior by the actor Kevin Spacey before and during his time as the theater’s artistic director.
Following accusations of sexual misconduct against the actor, the theater opened an investigation into Mr. Spacey’s 11-year tenure, from 2004 to 2015, and released the conclusions in a report on Thursday. The theater apologized to those affected for “not creating an environment or culture where people felt able to speak freely.”
The report said that only one of the 20 complaints was raised at the time. The theater said that despite processes being in place for reporting such issues, people did not feel able to raise concerns.
The report said of Mr. Spacey: “The investigation found that his stardom and status at the Old Vic may have prevented people, and in particular junior staff or young actors, from feeling that they could speak up or raise a hand for help.”
After the actor Anthony Rapp accused Mr. Spacey of sexual misconduct 31 years ago, when Mr. Rapp was 14, more men came forward with similar allegations. Some of the allegations center on Mr. Spacey’s time at the Old Vic theater, which has been accused of turning a blind eye to them.

Political infighting among Iran’s ruling elite has moved on to a new battleground - the relief effort after an earthquake that killed at least 530 people and injured thousands.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei meets with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and other officials following an earthquake that hit Kermansheh province, in Tehran, Iran November 15, 2017. Hardline media are accusing the government of pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani of reacting too slowly to last weekend’s quake, while highlighting aid work by the Revolutionary Guards - a rival power center.
While the government said enough help had been sent to the thousands of people left homeless by the devastation, media affiliated to Rouhani’s hardline rivals painted a different picture with reports from villages where survivors complained about a lack of shelter from the bitter cold.
Rouhani allies say this reflects a long-running struggle between the president and those who oppose his drive to boost the economy by improving relations with the outside world, notably through sealing a nuclear deal with world powers.

Puerto Rican economists are predicting a bleak future for the storm-ravaged island.
At a panel discussion in San Juan convened Thursday by the territory’s federal oversight board, economist Jose Villamil said the population could decline to less than 3 million by 2026, a drop of more than 400,000 from the most recent count. Another, Juan Lara, said the economy could contract by as much as 15 percent in the fiscal year that ends in June, depending on how long it takes to restore power throughout the island. A third said a conservative estimate of the storm damage is $115 billion -- a sum equal to more than a year’s economic output.
"The board, Congress and local government authorities need to address a more realistic estimate of damages," said economist Heidie Calero, the president of a local consulting firm, who presented the damage number. "Business as usual will not, I repeat will not, come back quickly."
The projections underscore the long and difficult recovery faced by Puerto Rico, whose government was already bankrupt from years of borrowing to stay afloat as the economy and population shrank. One oversight board member said her sense of optimism was rattled by a presenter who said it can take a decade or more for economies to recover from a major typhoon or hurricane.

The clock is beginning to tick faster and louder.
With the recent indictments of Paul Manafort, Rick Gates and George Papadopoulos by special counsel Robert Mueller, it is clear that the Russia investigation’s regular season is over and the playoffs have begun. Judging by the President’s response to this first set of indictments – screaming and yelling at television screens – it is safe to say our President now realizes his bloodhound adversary is smart, clever and relentless.
Anyone paying attention to the ongoing Trump/Russia story knows that the question has never been whether or not Trump colluded with the Russians. It has always been, how can we prove it? To think that it is anything else is to not understand Trump at all. He is constitutionally incapable of not colluding with anybody when it benefits him. The probability that he would take the high road and steer clear when offered an opportunity to conspire with the Russians to defeat Hillary Clinton, is the same as expecting a UFO to land on the roof of the Planetarium.
Keep in mind that Trump never did want nor did he ever expect to win. Hence, being sloppy was not a concern. Unfortunately for Trump he won, and now the trail of breadcrumbs he left in the election’s wake are being meticulously followed. As the evidence mounts, the edges of terror have begun to creep into Trump’s consciousness. The following scenario comes to mind when imagining how this will play out.

Emerson Electric Co. Chief Executive Officer David Farr made a third proposal to buy Rockwell Automation Inc., sweetening the deal by 4.7 percent as he seeks to cobble together a one-stop shop for industrial automation. 
The cash-and-stock offer of $225 a share values Rockwell Automation at about $29 billion. That represents a 30 percent premium to the 90-day volume-weighted average share price as of Oct. 30, Emerson said in a statement Thursday. Rockwell shareholders would own 22 percent of the combined companies.
Emerson is seeking to bolster its offerings by adding the leading supplier of software and controls for assembly-line operations. The would-be acquirer mostly serves the process side of the business, providing software and equipment for products made by combining ingredients, such as chemicals, oil refining, pharmaceuticals and beverages.
“The industrial logic for this combination is clear,” Farr said in a letter to Rockwell Automation CEO Blake Moret. “By leveraging the key technology platforms that are the strengths of Emerson and Rockwell, we can create an industry leader with unmatched capabilities that integrates all aspects of the automation system for a global customer base.”

Tesla plans to reveal an electric commercial truck on Thursday night, which CEO Elon Musk said will "blow your mind out of your skull and into an alternate dimension."
That dimension would best be one where electric trucks can compete with diesel, say a number of analysts.
The three main boxes the truck will have to check are range, payload, and price, said Seaport Global analyst Kevin Sterling. How the Tesla semi compares with diesel on each of these metrics won't be known at least until Tesla unveils its truck at 11 p.m. Eastern Time.
But other electric trucks and buses brought to market so far tend to have lower range and higher prices, Stifel analyst Michael Baudendistel told CNBC in an interview. The demand for electric trucks among long haul carriers just isn't there, he said.
"It is hard to make a business case for electric trucks," Baudendistel said.
