
Charles Manson -- the man who masterminded one of the most heinous murder sprees in American history -- is dead  ... this according to the sister of his famous victim.
Debra Tate tells TMZ she received a call from the prison telling her Manson died 8:13 PM Sunday.
We're told the prison is contacting all of the victims' families.
Manson died of natural causes, according to prison officials.
Manson was recently wheeled into Bakersfield hospital and escorted by 5 uniformed cops. Our sources had said at the time, "It's just a matter of time." He was covered in blankets and looked ashen in the gurney.
TMZ broke the story ... Manson was taken from Corcoran State Prison to the hospital back in January where he was being treated for intestinal bleeding.
As we reported ... Manson was supposed to undergo surgery but it was deemed too risky.
Manson has been locked up since his arrest in December 1969 for the Tate-LaBianca murders. He was convicted of conspiracy to commit the slayings, which occurred one day after the next in August 1969.
Manson was not present, but members of the so-called Manson Family slaughtered 5 people, including actress Sharon Tate, at her home in the Beverly Hills area. Manson's goal was to start a race war he called "helter skelter" ... from the Beatles song.
The night after the Tate murders, members of the family randomly murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca. In all, the family inflicted 169 stab wounds and 7 gunshot wounds.
Manson got the death penalty in 1971, but when that was ruled unconstitutional ... it was changed to 9 consecutive life sentences.
Manson was 83.

Authorities were searching southwest Texas for suspects or witnesses after a U.S. Border Patrol agent was killed and his partner injured Sunday while on patrol in the state’s Big Bend area, officials said.
Agent Rogelio Martinez and his partner were “responding to activity” near Interstate 10 in Van Horn, Tex., when both were seriously injured, according to a Customs and Border Protection news release.
Martinez’s partner called for help. Other agents arrived, provided medical care and took them to a hospital.
Martinez died of his injuries; his partner, who was not identified, remained in the hospital in serious condition, officials said.

Marshawn Lynch — as he’s done for the duration of the NFL season — sat for the national anthem prior to the Raiders’ game against the Patriots in Mexico City.
However, Lynch stood for the Mexican national anthem.
Lynch initially sat for the anthem in his first preseason game back since coming out of retirement. He followed in the footsteps of Colin Kaepernick, who started sitting for the anthem, before ultimately taking a knee for the duration of the 2016 season.
He was supportive of Kaepernick’s movement in an appearance on Conan in Sept. 2016:
“I’d rather see him take a knee than stand up, put his hands up, and get murdered,” Lynch said. “So, I mean, my take on it is [expletive]’s got to start somewhere, and if that was the starting point — I just hope people open up their eyes to see there’s really a problem going on, and something needs to be done for it to stop. And I mean, if you’re really not racist, then you’re going to see what he’s done, what he’s doing, [not] as a threat to America, but just addressing a problem that we have.”
Players who have taken a knee or sat during the national anthem the past two seasons have done so to protest police brutality and systemic injustices against people of color in the United States.
That’s why Lynch stood for the Mexican national anthem. He’s not a citizen of that nation, and has nothing to protest as far as what goes on within their country.

A day after Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe defied the nation’s calls to resign, lawmakers here frantically searched on Monday for a legal path to dismiss the long-ruling leader.
Parliamentarians met in the afternoon to begin impeachment proceedings, even as questions were raised about the viability of the process. Impeaching Mugabe could take weeks, and would require forming a broad coalition from the country’s fragmented opposition.
“We are going to take the impeachment route,” said Lovemore Matuke, the parliament’s chief whip.

A woman who says Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore abused her when she was a 14-year-old girl has described the alleged encounter.
Leigh Corfman told NBC News that Mr Moore, then a 32-year-old prosecutor, "seduced" her at his house in 1979.
Several Alabama newspapers have endorsed Mr Moore's Democratic opponent, a remarkable step in such a staunchly Republican state.
Mr Moore, who denies the allegation, is currently lagging in opinion polls.
Most of the Republican establishment has lined up against the 70-year-old former Alabama supreme court judge and firebrand Christian conservative, whom they did not want elected in the first place.
Things Republican Roy Moore believes
Ms Corfman originally told the Washington Post how she was approached by Mr Moore outside a courthouse in Etowah County in 1979.
She had been sitting with her mother on a bench awaiting a child custody hearing in her parents' divorce case.

A report from Politico this week, which found that the special counsel Robert Mueller is gearing up to interview the White House communications director, Hope Hicks, indicates that a significant part of the Russia investigation is probably moving into its final stages.
Hicks has long been one of President Donald Trump's most trusted advisers, and she was present during some events that are key to the special counsel's investigation.
Mueller's investigation includes multiple components. In addition to looking into whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the 2016 election in Trump's favor, the special counsel is also investigating Trump on suspicion of obstruction of justice related to his decision to fire James Comey as FBI director.
As part of that investigation, ABC News reported on Sunday, Mueller has asked the Department of Justice for all emails connected to Comey's firing.
Mueller has also requested documents related to Attorney General Jeff Sessions' recusal from the Russia investigation. Sessions announced his recusal in March after it emerged that he had failed to disclose contacts with Sergey Kislyak, then Russia's ambassador to the US, in his Senate confirmation hearing in January.

Preliminary coalition talks collapsed between Chancellor Merkel and three potential coalition partners over the weekend. President Steinmeier has taken the parties to task, urging them to fulfill their political duty.
German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier did not announce any concrete steps in a brief statement delivered in Berlin on Monday after he met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Instead he encouraged Germany’s political parties to reconsider whether they might not be able to create a working majority.
"I expect the parties to make the formation of a new government possible in the foreseeable future," Steinmeier said, adding that the parties had a responsibility that "cannot be simply given back to the voters."
That was a reference to fresh elections. If no majority coalition emerges, Steinmeier is bound by the German constitution to nominate a chancellor for approval by the German parliament, the Bundestag. If no stable government can be formed after three rounds of voting there, the president would have to ask Germans to return to the polls.
That's a possibility that Steinmeier wants to avoid. Steinmeier said he would be holding talks with various leaders of the political parties in an attempt to broker an agreement.

Argentina's navy says its ARA San Juan submarine, which has been missing since Wednesday, reported a mechanical breakdown in its last communication.
The submarine, with 44 crew on board, disappeared 430km (267 miles) off the Argentine coast and no trace of it has been found.
"The vessel surfaced and it reported a breakdown," naval commander Gabriel Galeazzi said.
He did not give further details of the nature of the breakdown.
Capt Galeazzi, who heads the naval base in Mar del Plata, south of Buenos Aires, said that the vessel had been asked to go directly to Mar del Plata.
Capt Galeazzi said that mechanical problems were not uncommon and rarely posed a risk.
However, it is unclear why these details were not released before.

North Korean state-media lashed out at President Trump as an “old lunatic” who offered a “load of rubbish” about the reclusive regime during his recent swing through Asia.
“A load of rubbish spouted by the old lunatic Trump during his recent visit to South Korea was a total of all nonsense and paradox so far let out by him against the DPRK,” said an editorial in the Minju Joson newspaper on Sunday, referring to North Korea by the initials of its formal name — the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
The newspaper also said Trump “insulted” President Kim Jong Un’s government and fanned the flames of aggression.
“He insulted the state and social system of the DPRK and the life of its people. This thrice-cursed crime can never be pardoned,” the editorial said. “Not content with letting out all sorts of rubbish against the DPRK, he cried out for the use of power like a crazy gang leader, betraying his true colors as a mastermind of aggression. This is just an open declaration of war against the DPRK.”

The Environmental Protection Agency administrator came into office promising to discard his predecessor’s “overreaching” focus on climate change and concentrate on what he called the agency’s real mission: cleaning up the air, water and land.
But instead, Pruitt has rolled back or stalled environmental protections, given the fossil fuel and chemistry industries more sway over public health decisions and taken steps that critics fear will undermine work on pollution cleanups, according to a POLITICO analysis of what he’s accomplished to date. He says he will be tough on environmental crimes, but his agency is also easing up on enforcement and collecting far less in penalties than previous administrations, according to agency watchdogs.
Pruitt is the most unorthodox EPA administrator in decades, an avowed critic of the agency who has alienated much of his career staff. He’s spent heavily on travel to meet with business executives and GOP leaders, who want to see a much weaker EPA and could back Pruitt in a future political campaign. He has declined to disclose his daily schedule, employs a large entourage of bodyguards and built a “privacy booth” for communications in his office. He has questioned manmade climate change and kicked respected scientists off his advisory boards, replacing them with representatives from the businesses and the states he regulates.

The Trump tax cuts are zipping through Congress at the legislative version of light speed. House Republicans unveiled their plan for overhauling America’s tax code on November 2; they passed it two weeks later. The Senate GOP revealed its (actual) tax bill last Tuesday; Mitch McConnell plans to vote it out of the upper chamber the week after Thanksgiving.
The frenetic pace of the GOP’s tax “reform” push has left some of the party’s own members short of breath. “You’re rewriting a tax code for a generation, and you are doing it in ten days,” Republican congressman Peter King said Thursday. “In [1986], it took two years to put together a tax reform bill.”
King’s exasperation is warranted. A couple of weeks might be enough time for legislators, policy analysts, and voters to consider the legislation’s first-order effects: Whose taxes will go up, whose will go down, and how much revenue will be lost in the process. But it’s far too brief an interval for lawmakers (let alone, the public) to comprehend the broader consequences of those changes.
Tax policy is about a lot more than generating revenue. Every tax code rewards certain kinds of economic activity and disincentives others. In the United States, we are especially reliant on tax incentives for shaping our industrial policy and providing social welfare.

A state lawmaker and the attorney for a woman whose profane sticker about President Donald Trump on her truck grabbed national headlines will discuss the case Monday.
State Rep. Ron Reynolds (D-Missouri City) said in a press release that the news conference will address the “injustice against Karen Fonseca.”
“We have to protect people’s First Amendment right to free speech,” Reynolds said in his written statement. “A difference in political views does not give Sheriff Nehls the right to target citizens. These actions by Sheriff Nehls could be an abuse of his law enforcement authority.”
Reynolds’ news conference is scheduled to begin at 10 a.m.
The controversy started after Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls posted a picture of the decal Wednesday on Facebook. The decal on the pickup’s rear window read, “F*** Trump, and f*** you for voting for him.”
