
Former Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic has been jailed for life for genocide and other atrocities in the 1990s Bosnian war.
Known as the "Butcher of Bosnia", Mladic led forces during the massacre of Bosnian Muslims (Bosniaks) in Srebrenica and the siege of Sarajevo.
The UN tribunal in The Hague convicted him on 10 of the 11 charges.
Mladic, 74, was not in court when the sentence was read out. He had been removed for shouting at the judges.
They had rejected a request by his team to halt proceedings because of Mladic's high blood pressure. At the start of the session, he appeared relaxed, smiling and gesturing to the cameras.
Mladic has denied all the charges and his lawyer said he would appeal.
Wladic was the military commander of Bosnian Serb forces against Bosnian Croat and Bosniak armies. He had been on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) since 2012.
It found that Mladic "significantly contributed" to the genocide in Srebrenica in 1995, where more than 7,000 Bosniak men and boys were murdered, the worst atrocity in Europe since World War Two.
He was cleared of a second count of genocide in other municipalities. The other charges included war crimes and crimes against humanity.

LaVar Ball downplayed his son's shoplifting incident in China, as well as President Donald Trump's involvement in getting LiAngelo Ball and two other UCLA basketball players back to the United States earlier this week.
"Who?" LaVar Ball told ESPN on Friday, when asked about Trump's involvement in the matter. "What was he over there for? Don't tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out."
Multiple sources told ESPN that UCLA officials are debating how long to sideline the three suspended freshmen players who admitted to shoplifting during the basketball team's trip to China last week.
UCLA freshmen LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, who had been detained in China on suspicion of shoplifting, landed in Los Angeles on Tuesday evening and addressed the media on Wednesday before being indefinitely suspended by the team.
Trump, who returned late Tuesday from a trip through Asia, raised the players' case with President Xi Jinping of China during a visit to Beijing last week. All three players offered thanks to Trump during Wednesday's news conference.

Two of President Trump's hometown newspapers are hitting him for standing by GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore in the wake of explosive sexual misconduct allegations.
In nearly matching front-page headlines on Friday, the New York Post and the New York Daily News – both known for their punchy style – declared Trump as "with" a "perv" in the Alabama Senate race.
"I'm With The Perv!" the New York Post declared in bold letters.
"I'm With Perv," the Daily News wrote alongside photos of Trump and Moore. 
Numerous women have come forward in recent weeks to accuse Moore of pursuing sexual and romantic relations with them when they were teenagers and he was in his 30s. One of the accusers was 14-years-old at the time of an alleged encounter with Moore, who was 32 at the time.
Moore has vehemently denied most of the allegations, and has resisted calls by dozens of GOP officials across the country to withdraw from the Senate race.

Eight people have been rescued and are in “good condition” after a U.S. Navy transporter plane carrying 11 crew and passengers crashed into the Pacific Ocean off Japan, the U.S. Navy’s 7th Fleet said Wednesday.
The search for the remaining three people is continuing.
This is the latest accident to befall the 7th Fleet, which is based in the Japanese port of Yokosuka, south of Tokyo, and has endured multiple collisions at sea this year, including two involving guided-missile destroyers that left 17 sailors dead.

The North Korean soldier whose harrowing escape to South Korea was caught on camera, is reportedly in stable condition and conversed with medical staff at the hospital, several South Korean media outlets reported Tuesday.
"He is fine," lead surgeon Lee Cook-Jung said of the soldier, who was revealed to be 24-years-old and is identified by his surname, "Oh," according to the Korean Herald and Dong-a Ilbo. "The patient is not going to die."
Lee said Oh made light conversation and talked about South Korean music, The Ilbo reported. Oh listened to several versions of a song from Korean pop music group "Girls' Generation," to which he said he was fan of.
To help with Oh's recovery process, doctors reportedly played television and music for Oh; however, fearing watching the news may be excessively stimulating for the recovering patient, they limited his privileges to channels with movies, the Ilbo said.
Oh was also reported to enjoy watching CBS' "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation."

Pyongyang has loudly denounced the decision by the United States to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, with a foreign ministry spokesman warning it was a "serious provocation."
In a report published on North Korean state media KCNA, the spokesman said his country had nothing to do with terrorism, saying the relisting was an "absurdity."
"This is a serious provocation and a violent infringement upon our dignified country," the spokesman said according to KCNA.
The Trump administration announced on Monday that North Korea would again be included on the list of states which sponsor terrorism, adding the US Treasury Department would be initiating further sanctions on the already isolated nation.
"Today the United States is designating North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. Should have happened a long time ago. Should have happened years ago," President Donald Trump said.

Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announced Wednesday he was putting his resignation on hold, more than two weeks after he shocked the country by saying he was stepping down.
Speaking hours after he returned to Beirut, Hariri said he had accepted President Michel Aoun's wish for him to suspend his resignation to allow for more consultations on the reasons behind the move.
Hariri announced he was standing down on November 4 while in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, saying he feared his life was in danger. Lebanon said it could not accept his resignation until he returned to the country.
Aoun said at the time Hariri was being held against his will in Riyadh -- a claim Hariri denied -- and speculation swirled in Lebanon that he was being held hostage.

Current events in Zimbabwe show that while a week may be a long time in politics, it is really a very short blink of an eye in economics. Zimbabweans on the streets of Harare and Bulawayo may be hopeful for political change, but they are much more sanguine and realistic when it comes to improving the country's economy.
Presidents can be impeached in days or weeks. It takes years to wreck economies and usually even longer to repair them.
So, will Emmerson Mnangagwa be able to take Zimbabwe's economy off life support and at least start to put it on the road to recovery? Analysts are very sceptical that a quick solution is even feasible. The euphoria that has gripped the nation has certainly raised hopes that the future will be brighter, but if that improved sentiment is to deliver economic dividends, the government needs to make some drastic reforms.
The first tool President Mnangagwa would need to even get a recovery kick-started is hard currency. Zimbabwe hasn't had a currency of its own since 2009, after hyperinflation killed off the old Zimbabwean dollar.
Since then, the US dollar has been the main currency for transactions, as well as the South African rand. And in recent years a cash shortage has been slowly strangling the economy, which is half the size it was at the turn of the millennium.

Top crude exporter Saudi Arabia is lobbying oil ministers to agree next week on a nine-month extension to OPEC-led supply cuts, sources familiar with the matter said, as Riyadh seeks to ensure a price-sapping glut is eradicated.
A flag with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) logo is seen during a meeting of OPEC and non-OPEC producing countries in Vienna, Austria September 22, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/Files
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, non-member Russia and nine other producers are cutting oil output by about 1.8 million barrels per day until March 2018, and will discuss extending the deal at a Nov. 30 meeting in Vienna.
Oil prices have risen to almost $65 a barrel, the highest since 2015, supported by lower inventories. However, OPEC is wary prices could fall again since excess supply persists, while a flare-up in Middle Eastern political tensions has also played a part in the rally.
“The Saudis are lobbying to have a decision in November for nine months,” said a senior oil industry source with knowledge of the matter who declined to be identified.
Indications of support for a nine-month extension have come from the very top in Saudi Arabia, OPEC’s de facto leader, and Russia, the largest non-OPEC producer involved in the agreement.

The Catholic school in Adelaide apologised on Wednesday for the statue, which was completed recently.
The sculpture, portraying St Martin de Porres, was widely criticised after images of it were posted online.
The unfortunate position of the loaf of bread held by the saint led to some misreading the scene.
Blackfriars Priory School said it had commissioned a new sculptor to "substantially alter" the design.
In a message posted on Facebook, principal Simon Cobiac apologised to the school community for "any concerns and publicity" caused by the statue.
He said the school had approved its design and commissioned a sculptor in Vietnam, but "upon arrival the three-dimensional statue was deemed by the [school] to be potentially suggestive".
The Adelaide Advertiser newspaper said the statue had been installed last week and later covered with a black cloth.
It drew public attention after an image of the statue was posted on a popular Adelaide Instagram account, where it attracted hundreds of comments.

Hillary Clinton said in a new interview that her inability to run on an "agenda of change," coming off of President Barack Obama's two terms, was a significant problem for her 2016 campaign.
"It is true that when you run to succeed a two-term president of your own party, you have a historical headwind blowing against you," Clinton told radio host Hugh Hewitt. "It’s not just this campaign can be set apart from everything that’s ever happened in our politics. It is a challenge."
"If you are both the candidate defending a lot of the areas of agreement, but also putting forth an agenda for change, which is what I tried to do, it is often difficult to get the second part of that message through," she added. "So I do think it was a problem."
"I was proud to serve in the Obama administration. I did not agree with everything that President Obama decided, but on balance, I really think he did what had to be done to rescue the economy, which as we all remember, was in desperate straits," Clinton told the conservative radio host. "He did chart a course in the world that favored diplomacy and negotiation, something that I think is important."

Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) cast a decisive, dramatic vote to save health care for millions of people over the summer. The chances of her doing it again just went way down. 
With Republicans preparing to vote on tax cut legislation next week, Murkowski announced on Tuesday that she would not oppose the bill simply because it includes a provision repealing the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate.
Murkowski made the announcement in an op-ed for the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner. And she was careful not to promise she’d vote for the final tax legislation.
That legislation would repeal a variety of corporate and personal taxes. But most of the cuts that benefit lower- and middle-income taxpayers are temporary and, once they expire, half of them would actually end up paying higher taxes, according to official estimates.
Those numbers could help sink the bill, which is expected to get no Democratic votes and thus needs 50 of the Senate’s 52 Republicans to vote for it. But Murkowski’s statement about the mandate leaves open the possibility she’d be one of the 50.
