
At least 235 people were killed and another 109 injured in an attack on a Sufi mosque in Egypt's North Sinai region on Friday, Egyptian state-run media reported, in what appears to be the deadliest terror attack on Egyptian soil.
After at least two explosions, gunmen who were waiting outside the mosque opened fire at worshipers as they fled Friday prayers, state-owned Ahram Online said.
The attack targeted al Rawdah mosque, situated in the village of al Rawdah between Bir al-Abed and the city of al-Arish.
Bodies lie on the floor of Bir al-Abed&#39;s al Rawdah mosque following a gun and bomb attack Friday.
Bodies lie on the floor of Bir al-Abed's al Rawdah mosque following a gun and bomb attack Friday.
Key developments:
Coordinated attack: Gunmen fired on people fleeing after explosions took place at the mosque. The attackers also opened fire on ambulances, witnesses said.
The target: The mosque, located in northern Sinai, is known as the birthplace of an important Sufi cleric.
World leaders respond: Egypt has declared three days of mourning, while figures in the international community condemned the attack. US President Donald Trump called it a "horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt."

Turnout at U.S. retailers was relatively subdued on Black Friday, with many shoppers flocking to stores to eye items in person and enjoy the festive atmosphere while waiting to do their actual bargain hunting online.
There were few signs of the over-the-top frenzy that had been a hallmark of the start to the U.S. shopping season in years past, and some stores appeared to be getting creative with gimmicks beyond heavy discounts to lure shoppers through their doors.
The day after Thanksgiving is traditionally when retailers offer “doorbuster” deals attracting bargain hunters. Many department and big-box stores have said they will compete fiercely on price this quarter while keeping inventory lean.

A Texas state trooper was killed in the line of duty during a routine traffic stop on Thanksgiving — and the alleged gunman was nabbed following an hours-long manhunt.
Highway Patrol Trooper Damon Allen, 41, was gunned down around 4 p.m. Thursday on I-45 in a rural county near Fairfield, about 90 miles south of Dallas, authorities said.
Allen, a 15-year veteran, had pulled over suspected shooter Dabrett Black, 32, for a traffic violation when moments later, Black allegedly blasted multiple shots at Allen with a rifle, according to cops.
Allen, a married father of three, was killed at the scene, authorities said.
The shooter quickly fled in a 2012 Chevrolet Malibu, sparking a massive manhunt.

Columbia police released new details of events leading up to Thursday night's shooting.
Police said two men were sitting inside a car when one of them discharged the gun while trying to holster the weapon. The two men reportedly know each other.
Officers have not made any arrests and the investigation is ongoing, according to police.
Columbia police officers are investigating a shooting at the Columbia Mall. 
Investigators told ABC 17 News a 19-year-old person sustained life-threatening injuries after the shooting in the parking lot of the mall. Police the entirety of the incident took place in a car they were searching.
Police officers are still interviewing witnesses as of 1:30 a.m. Friday. They say they do not believe they are looking for anybody and have everyone they need to talk to. 

A justice from South Africa's Supreme Court of Appeal took just minutes to more than double Oscar Pistorius' prison sentence to 13 years and five months for the murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Justice Willie Seriti said the Supreme Court upheld an appeal by prosecutors against Pistorius' original six-year sentence for shooting Steenkamp multiple times in his home in 2013.
It's rare for the Supreme Court to change the sentences handed down by trial judges so dramatically.
"I did not expect the Supreme Court of Appeal to hand down such a lengthy sentence of imprisonment," legal analyst Ulrich Roux said on the eNCA news channel. "But, if one looks at what the law states, and given the fact that murder does carry the minimum sentence of 15 years in prison, I think the decision could be vindicated."
Pistorius' lawyers have just one avenue open to them if they want to challenge the new sentence handed down by the Supreme Court, and that is to appeal to the Constitutional Court, the highest court in South Africa.

Emmerson Mnangagwa, who fled into a brief exile after losing a power struggle less than three weeks ago, became Zimbabwe’s new president on Friday — succeeding Robert Mugabe, the leader he had backed for decades before helping oust him last week.
“We should never remain hostages of our past,” Mr. Mnangagwa said in his inaugural address. Referring specifically to Mr. Mugabe, he said: “To me personally, he remains a father, mentor, comrade in arms and my leader.”
In a rapid reversal of fortunes that abruptly ended one of the longest reigns in Africa’s post-colonial history, Mr. Mnangagwa was sworn in at a ceremony at the National Sports Stadium in Harare, the capital.
Mr. Mnangagwa — who served for half a century as his predecessor’s right-hand man — became only the second leader of Zimbabwe since independence in 1980.
Under an alternately sunny and cloudy sky, Mr. Mnangagwa said in his address that the country’s domestic politics had “become poisoned and rancorous and polarizing,” apparently referring to the factional fighting inside the governing party, ZANU-PF.

An ominous new development in the search for a missing Argentine submarine raises concerns it may have plunged off the continental shelf. It has a crew of 44 sailors.
An international agency said it detected an underwater sound that's consistent with an explosion near the submarine's last-known position in the south Atlantic. On Thursday, an organization that monitors underwater nuclear testing said it picked up the sound just hours after the submarine's disappearance last week. The Argentine navy is not saying what made the noise, but is now searching the area it came from.
A relative of one of the 44 crew members of Argentine missing submarine, is comforted outside Argentina's Navy base in Mar del Plata, on the Atlantic coast south of Buenos Aires, on November 23, 2017.
Relatives of the crew of the San Juan camped out at the Mar del Plata naval base are heartbroken and angry over the news of the apparent explosion. They're waiting for confirmation from the navy, but many now fear the worst, reports CBS News correspondent Adriana Diaz.

Barely an hour after Chancellor Angela Merkel watched her efforts to form a broad coalition government fall apart, she retreated to a private room with two dozen conservative allies. Four weeks of intense talks had just ended, with three deadlines missed. The mood was somber. One of her colleagues stood up to thank her, initiating a standing ovation.
It was a polite gesture to mark the end of a polite era. But German politics is now poised to enter a more raucous phase.
The breakdown of the coalition talks last weekend has done more than dent Ms. Merkel’s seeming invulnerability and raise the prospect of new elections, analysts say. Although the Social Democrats agreed on Friday to meet with the chancellor’s party next week — raising hopes for, if not a coalition, then a tolerated minority government — the current situation may well signal the breakdown of Germany’s postwar tradition of consensus and the dawn of a messy and potentially unnerving politics.
“The distinctive political tradition of the Federal Republic of Germany is change through consensus,” said Timothy Garton Ash, a professor of European studies at the University of Oxford. That was what was at stake, he said. “It hasn’t worked so far this time.”

The US Navy stopped the search and rescue mission to find three sailors who went missing after their plane crashed into the Philippine Sea on Wednesday, a statement said.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with our lost shipmates and their families," said Rear Adm. Marc Dalton, commander, Task Force 70. "As difficult as this is, we are thankful for the rapid and effective response that led to the rescue of eight of our shipmates, and I appreciate the professionalism and dedication shown by all who participated in the search efforts," said the Navy statement, which was released Thursday.
The Navy is withholding the names of the three sailors pending next of kin notifications.
The sailors were aboard a C2-A Greyhound transport plane that crashed into the ocean southeast of Okinawa on Wednesday afternoon.
A total of 11 crew and passengers were headed to an aircraft carrier when the plane crashed into the Philippine Sea around 2:45 p.m. Japan Standard Time, the Navy said.

Congressional Republicans have implanted nearly 50 expiring provisions in their tax-cut bills that, if left unaddressed, would transform what Republicans promised would be middle-class tax relief into a law that raises taxes for tens of millions of Americans.
More than 80 percent of the tax breaks set to go away would be taken from households. The perks for corporations are generally permanent, including the biggest single benefit in the bill: a permanent reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent.

Celebrities like LeBron James and Kim Kardashian are calling on authorities to release a woman serving a life sentence for killing a man who had hired her for sex when she was 16.
Cyntoia Brown, now 29, fired the shot that killed a 43-year-old Nashville realtor who had picked her up for sex. It is unclear what sparked the renewed interest in Brown’s 2006 conviction, but there was a recent report about it on Fox 17.
“We were very, very appreciative of the fact that such an incredible number of celebrities would join our plea,” Charles Bone, a lawyer who took on the case pro bono, told The New York Times. “She was thrilled by the fact that people really cared.”
The Department of Corrections declined Fox 17’s interview request, but a PBS documentary filmmaker shared some of the footage with the station.
“We started the conversation,” Dan Birman told Fox 17. "This is a young girl who's at the tail end of three generations of violence against women. She had no chance."

The UK’s digital minister has said the October 2016 data breach that Uber disclosed this week does affect UK users — though it’s still unclear how many are impacted at this stage.
At this stage, our initial assessment is that the stolen information is not the sort that would allow direct financial crime, but we are working urgently to verify that further, and we rule nothing out. Our advice to Uber drivers and customers is to be vigilant and to monitor accounts, especially for phishing activity. If anyone thinks they are a victim, contact the Action Fraud helpline and follow the NCSC guidance on passwords and best practice.
On Tuesday, a year after it had learned about the breach, Uber informed the press that hackers had accessed the personal data of 57 million Uber users and drivers.
It said ~50M Uber riders were affected and around seven million drivers. Data accessed included names, email addresses and phone numbers in the case of Uber users. Some 600,000 US driver’s license numbers were also accessed. Uber has claimed no financial information leaked.
It also apparently paid $100,000 to the hackers to delete the data.
Uber also said some of the data involved users of its service outside the US, though it has not yet publicly provided a breakdown of specific affected markets.


