
Representative Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader, moved swiftly on Tuesday against the House’s longest serving lawmaker, calling for the House Ethics Committee to investigate sexual harassment charges against Representative John Conyers Jr., the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee.
Mr. Conyers, 88, confirmed a settlement of a wrongful termination complaint in 2015 from a staff member who had accused him of sexual harassment, although he denied that the staff member was fired for refusing to have sex with him. The settlement was first reported by Buzzfeed News on Monday.
Ms. Pelosi and senior Democrats on the Judiciary Committee offered little support.
“Any credible allegation of sexual harassment must be investigated by the Ethics Committee,” Ms. Pelosi said, adding that there should be “zero tolerance for harassment, discrimination, bullying or abuse in the House.”
Sexual harassment charges are roiling Capitol Hill, as they have shaken Hollywood, Silicon Valley and the media. But in Mr. Conyers’s case, the charges quickly meshed with other issues, from the advanced age of some House members to the desire of younger Democrats for new leadership.
Specifically, the House Judiciary Committee would become a focal point for inquiries into the conduct of President Trump and his administration — possibly even impeachment proceedings — if Democrats seize control of the House in the 2018 midterm elections. And some Democrats have been angling for stronger leadership.

For a president who delights in being a showman, ordering up a pardon was the perfect segue for his thinking on policies.
In remarks at the ceremony, President Donald Trump delighted in poking some fun at his predecessor — as well as himself and his penchant for executive orders — during the annual pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey.
Trump joked that he had conferred with the White House counsel on whether he could overturn former President Barack Obama’s turkey pardons — including those for last year’s birds, Tater and Tot — much as he has for other executive actions.
However, the White House’s lawyers found that the prior pardons could “not be, under any circumstances, revoked,” Trump said. “So we're not going to revoke them. So, Tater and Tot, you can rest easy.”
The president gave the official pardon to Drumstick, a turkey raised in Minnesota, sparing him the Thanksgiving dinner table. Drumstick was chosen for the honor over the alternate, Wishbone, by 60 percent of respondents in an online White House poll. Both birds, however, will avoid the carving knife: They will be spend the rest of their days at the turkey sanctuary Gobbler’s Rest at Virginia Tech University.

The Federal Communications Commission announced on Tuesday that it planned to dismantle landmark regulations that ensure equal access to the internet, clearing the way for companies to charge more and block access to some websites.
The proposal, put forward by the F.C.C. chairman, Ajit Pai, is a sweeping repeal of rules put in place by the Obama administration. The rules prohibited high-speed internet service providers from blocking or slowing down the delivery of websites, or charging extra fees for the best quality of streaming and other internet services for their subscribers. Those limits are central to the concept called net neutrality.
The action immediately reignited a loud and furious fight over free speech and the control of the internet, pitting telecom giants like AT&T against internet giants like Google and Amazon, who warn against powerful telecom gatekeepers. Both sides are expected to lobby hard in Washington to push their agendas, as they did when the existing rules were adopted.
“Under my proposal, the federal government will stop micromanaging the internet,” Mr. Pai said in a statement. “Instead, the F.C.C. would simply require internet service providers to be transparent about their practices so that consumers can buy the service plan that’s best for them and entrepreneurs and other small businesses can have the technical information they need to innovate.”

Emmerson Mnangagwa, elected as the new leader of Zimbabwe's ruling political party and now poised to take over as the country's president within hours, has engineered a remarkable comeback using skills he no doubt learned from his longtime mentor, the newly resigned President Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwa served for decades as Mugabe's enforcer — a role that gave him a reputation for being astute, ruthless and effective at manipulating the levers of power. Among the population, he is more feared than popular, but he has strategically fostered a loyal support base within the military and security forces.
A leading government figure since Zimbabwe's independence in 1980, he became vice president in 2014 and is so widely known as the "Crocodile" that his supporters are called Team Lacoste for the brand's crocodile logo.
The 75-year-old "is smart and skillful, but will he be a panacea for Zimbabwe's problems? Will he bring good governance and economic management? We'll have to watch this space," said Piers Pigou, southern Africa expert for the International Crisis Group.
Mugabe unwittingly set in motion the events that led to his own downfall, firing his vice president on Nov. 6. Mnangagwa fled the country to avoid arrest while issuing a ringing statement saying he would return to lead Zimbabwe.

Charlie Rose’s CBS News career came to an unceremonious end Tuesday when the network fired him over allegations of sexual harassment.
“A short time ago we terminated Charlie Rose’s employment with CBS News, effective immediately,” CBS News President David Rhodes wrote in a note to staff. “This followed the revelation yesterday of extremely disturbing and intolerable behavior said to have revolved around his PBS program. Despite Charlie’s important journalistic contribution to our news division, there is absolutely nothing more important, in this or any organization, than ensuring a safe, professional workplace — a supportive environment where people feel they can do their best work. We need to be such a place.”
PBS followed with an announcement that it no longer will distribute “Charlie Rose,” the nightly talk show hosted by Rose since 1991. Bloomberg, which also carried the show on its TV service, has also dropped it.
“In light of yesterday’s revelations, PBS has terminated its relationship with Charlie Rose and canceled distribution of his programs,” a PBS spokesperson said in a statement. “PBS expects all the producers we work with to provide a workplace where people feel safe and are treated with dignity and respect.”

Additional remains have been discovered of Sgt. La David Johnson who was killed in the October 4 ambush by ISIS fighters in Niger, according to a US official.
Another US official confirmed to CNN that the remains were bone fragments.
The remains were recovered on November 12 by a US military and FBI team that traveled to the area. Johnson's family was notified on Monday the official said.
"On Nov. 12, 2017, a joint US Africa Command military investigation team discovered additional human remains at the site where Sgt. La David T. Johnson's body was recovered following the Oct. 4 attack," a statement released by Pentagon spokesperson Dana White on Tuesday said.
"Today, we can confirm that the Armed Forces Medical Examiner has positively identified these remains as those of Sgt. Johnson."
close dialog

Celebrations erupted in the streets after Zimbabwe’s president, Robert Mugabe, resigned Tuesday, a stunning end to nearly 40 years of leadership announced in parliament during impeachment proceedings against him.
Car horns were blasting across Harare, the capital, as Zimbabweans expressed their joy at Mugabe’s departure. People sang and danced in the streets.
The resignation came with Mugabe facing a possible swift removal by parliament through impeachment and after only a handful of Cabinet ministers appeared at a meeting he called Tuesday.
Parliament’s speaker stopped proceedings to say lawmakers had received a letter from the president indicating his resignation was effective immediately. Parliament erupted into cheers.
Minah Mandaba, a member of the ruling ZANU-PF party’s Central Committee, danced and cheered as she left the joint sitting of parliament, where the resignation was announced.

In a big week for Syrian peace talks, President Assad was hosted by Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, where the leaders of Iran and Turkey are also to convene. Fittingly, perhaps, the US had no input into the renewed effort for peace in Syria.
Putin said that with the defeat of ISIS (Daesh, Islamic State) and other terror groups in Syria now virtually achieved, the parties to the conflict must underpin the political means to win the peace. Significantly, the talks in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi reinforce the earlier Geneva accord which assents to President Bashar Assad and his government in Damascus as the sovereign authority of Syria.
The demand by Washington and its European allies for Assad to “stand down” has long ago expired. That void is a tacit acknowledgment the nearly seven-year covert war in Syria for regime change has been defeated or at least the covert war in its guise of Western-backed proxy militant groups.

The Trump administration is ending a humanitarian program that has allowed some 59,000 Haitians to live and work in the United States since an earthquake ravaged their country in 2010, Homeland Security officials said on Monday.
Haitians with what is known as Temporary Protected Status will be expected to leave the United States by July 2019 or face deportation.
The decision set off immediate dismay among Haitian communities in South Florida, New York and beyond, and was a signal to other foreigners with temporary protections that they, too, could soon be asked to leave.
About 320,000 people now benefit from the Temporary Protected Status program, which was signed into law by President George Bush in 1990, and the decision on Monday followed another one last month that ended protections for 2,500 Nicaraguans.
Haiti, the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, is still struggling to recover from the earthquake and relies heavily on money its expatriates send to relatives back home. The Haitian government had asked the Trump administration to extend the protected status.

An Argentine navy submarine that's been missing for nearly a week may soon run out of oxygen if it hasn't surfaced, the country's navy says -- a scenario giving urgency to a multinational search for the vessel and its 44-member crew.
The navy lost contact with the ARA San Juan submarine on November 15, shortly after the vessel's captain reported a failure in the battery system while the sub was submerged off Argentina's South Atlantic coast, the military has said.
Ships and aircraft from at least seven nations have been scouring parts of the South Atlantic for the sub. On Tuesday, three vessels will move to an expanded search area, Argentine navy spokesman Enrique Balbi said.
"The search area is two times the size of Buenos Aires," Balbi said.
A day earlier, the spokesman said the search had entered a critical phase because the ARA San Juan crew's oxygen could run out by Wednesday in one of the worst-case scenarios.

Mystery and confusion surround a grisly incident that left one Border Patrol agent in Texas dead and another hospitalized with serious head trauma.
Three days after the incident, officials haven't confirmed how Rogelio Martinez was fatally injured.
FBI officials are exploring multiple causes — including an accident — but are leaning toward the possibility that the agents were attacked.
“There are a number of possible scenarios, but right now, we're going to pursue it as an assault on a federal agent,” Special Agent in Charge Emerson Buie told reporters at a news conference Tuesday.
A union representative for the border agents suggested that Martinez and his partner may have been bludgeoned by rock-wielding illegal immigrants crossing the treacherous terrain near the small town of Van Horn.
But a U.S. official told the Associated Press that theory is just "speculation," and other reports suggest the agents may have fallen into a ditch.
Martinez, 36, was discovered after 11 p.m. local time Saturday in the Big Bend area outside of Van Horn, according to a statement from the FBI, which has taken over the investigation.

The man who authorities say shot and killed a Pennsylvania police officer was caught Tuesday morning following a manhunt that lasted for three days.
Pennsylvania state police announced early Tuesday morning that authorities had apprehended Rahmael Sal Holt, who is accused of fatally shooting New Kensington Police Officer Brian Shaw following a Friday night traffic stop about 20 miles northeast of Pittsburgh.
Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said at a news conference Tuesday that Holt, 29, has been charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer; murder of the first degree; possession of a firearm; and carrying a firearm without a license, according to an online court docket.
Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck told reporters at a news conference Tuesday that Holt was arrested at a home in Pittsburgh. The Pittsburgh Tribune Review reported that several associates and relatives, including the suspect's mother, Sherry Holt, and another woman, Aysa Benson, were also arrested and accused of helping Rahmael Holt. Court records show the two have been charged with hindering apprehension, a third-degree felony.
