
While Congress is on a weeklong Thanksgiving break, the breakneck speed of the Republican push to overhaul the US tax code has taken a bill close to passing in the Senate.
The latest version of the chamber's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed the Senate Finance Committee last Thursday, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he wants to bring the bill for a full Senate vote when lawmakers return from the recess.
But on Tuesday, Republicans were hit with something of a triple whammy: Three different groups offered critical analyses of the bill's potentially negative effects on the federal budget, Americans' taxes, and the broader US economy. While the Senate is still expected to make changes to the legislation, each of the new studies shows that the Senate's bill has some significant underlying problems.
Perhaps the most damning of the new reports came from the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution's Tax Policy Center.
The nonpartisan group's analysis of the legislation found that while all income groups would get a tax cut from the bill in the short term and long term, many Americans would see their taxes increase.

A sound detected near the last known location of an Argentine navy submarine carrying 44 crew members is believed to have come from an explosion.
Enrique Balbi, spokesman for the Argentine navy, told reporters at a news conference Thursday that officials have found evidence showing that the abnormal sound, which was detected 30 miles north of the submarine's last-known location, was “singular, short, violent and non-nuclear” and “consistent with an explosion,” the Associated Press reported.
Balbi also said that officials do not know what caused the explosion and that there's no evidence the vessel had been attacked.

Lawyers for Michael T. Flynn, President Trump’s former national security adviser, notified the president’s legal team in recent days that they could no longer discuss the special counsel’s investigation, according to four people involved in the case, an indication that Mr. Flynn is cooperating with prosecutors or negotiating such a deal.
Mr. Flynn’s lawyers had been sharing information with Mr. Trump’s lawyers about the investigation by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, who is examining whether anyone around Mr. Trump was involved in Russian efforts to undermine Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign.
That agreement has been terminated, the four people said. Defense lawyers frequently share information during investigations, but they must stop when doing so would pose a conflict of interest. It is unethical for lawyers to work together when one client is cooperating with prosecutors and another is still under investigation.
The notification alone does not prove that Mr. Flynn is cooperating with Mr. Mueller. Some lawyers withdraw from information-sharing arrangements as soon as they begin negotiating with prosecutors. And such negotiations sometimes fall apart.

President Trump spoke to U.S. troops Thursday from his private Florida club Mar-a-Lago, telling them "we're really winning" in the fight against ISIS and in Afghanistan — all thanks to his administration's leadership.
"They say we've made more progress against ISIS than they did in years of the previous administration, and that's because I'm letting you do your job," Trump said, in a video call to branches of the U.S. armed forces.
The call was with the 82nd Airborne in Afghanistan, the 2nd Marine Raider Batallion in Iraq, the 5th Fleet aboard the USS Monterey, the 74th Expeditionary Fighter Squadron in Turkey and the Coast Guard at the Kuwait Navy Base.
This Thanksgiving A Majority Would Prefer To Hold The Side Of Political Talk 

Julia Poff, a 46-year-old woman in Sealy, Texas, has been accused of mailing homemade explosives to then-President Obama and Texas Gov. Greg Abbott in October 2016. A third package went to the Social Security Administration.
Only Abbott opened the package, but according to documents filed in court in Texas this week, "it failed to explode because he did not open it as designed." Had the device exploded, the documents state that it could have caused "severe burns and death" to the state's Republican governor.
The federal agent assigned to the case testified that the package had an "obliterated shipping label" for an EBay order that was sent to Julia Poff, which led authorities to her address. They found a garage full of fireworks, and a number of pieces of evidence, including a salad dressing bottle cap in the explosive device that matched salad dressing witnesses say Poff had used for her anniversary dinner, and packaging for Pall Mall red cigarettes containing pyrotechnic powder, later found at her home.
The package sent to Obama also included a cat hair "microscopically consistent" with the hair of one of Poff's cats.
Court documents say that Poff was known to be critical of both Obama and Abbott. She had also applied for Social Security benefits and been denied.

Kate McClure didn’t expect to run out of gas on her drive to Philadelphia last month.
And she definitely didn’t expect that her misfortune would give her the opportunity to change someone else’s life.
Pulled over on the side of I-95, McClure, 27, was approached by a homeless man named Johnny. She was apprehensive at first, but Johnny told her to get back into her car and to lock the doors while he walked to get her help. He went to a nearby gas station, used his last $20 to fill a can and brought it back to fill up her car.
Grateful, but without a dollar to repay him, McClure promised she would come back with something.
In the weeks since, she’s returned to the spot along I-95 where Johnny stays with cash, snacks and Wawa gift cards. Each time she’s stopped by with her boyfriend, Mark D’Amico, they’ve learned a bit more about Johnny’s story, and become humbled by his gratitude.
Eventually, the Florence Township couple knew they had to do something more.

The chief of the Russian General Staff says Russia is likely to scale down its military presence in Syria “significantly” before the year’s end.
Moscow embarked on an air campaign in Syria in October 2015 to prop up its longtime ally President Bashar Assad. Russia’s operation ultimately helped to turn the tide of the war in Assad’s favor.
Gen. Valery Gerasimov said in comments carried by Russian news agencies Thursday that the scale-down that Putin announced earlier this week will be “significant.”

North Korea’s latest defector, a young soldier known only by his family name Oh, is a quiet, pleasant man who has nightmares about being returned to the North, his surgeon said on Thursday.
Lee Cook-jong, a South Korean surgeon who operated the defected North Korean soldier with gunshots, speaks during an interview with Reuters at a hospital in Suwon, South Korea, November 23, 2017. REUTERS/Yang Hee-kyong
“He’s a pretty nice guy,” said lead surgeon John Cook-Jong Lee, who has been operating and caring for the 24-year-old. Oh has become a focus of worldwide attention after he was badly wounded by fellow North Korean soldiers as he scrambled across the border in the Demilitarized Zone that separates North and South on Nov. 13.
Video of Oh’s escape released on Wednesday showed him stumbling over the border and being dragged unconscious through the undergrowth by South Korean troops.
Surgeon Lee has been almost the only person to speak with Oh since he arrived at the hospital, he told Reuters in an interview at his office at Ajou University Hospital, just a few floors away from where the defector lies guarded by South Korean special forces and intelligence officers.

Pope Francis visits Myanmar next week, a delicate trip for the world’s most senior Christian to a majority Buddhist country accused by Washington of the “ethnic cleansing” of Muslim Rohingya people.
He will also visit Bangladesh to where more than 600,000 people have fled from what Amnesty International called “crimes against humanity” including murder, rape torture and forcible displacement, allegations the Myanmar military denies.
The trip is so delicate that some of the pope’s advisors have warned him against even saying the word “Rohingya,” lest he set off a diplomatic incident that could turn the country’s military and government against minority Christians.
The most tense moments of the Nov. 26-Dec. 2 trip are likely to be private meetings with army head Senior General Min Aung Hlaing and, separately, civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi.

President Donald Trump placed North Korea back on the state sponsors list of terrorism on Monday, which some experts say is unlikely to do much to change Pyongyang's stance on its nuclear program. 
"Today, the United States is designating North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. It should have happened a long time ago. It should have happened years ago," Trump said from the White House. "The North Korean regime must be lawful. It must end its unlawful nuclear and ballistic missile development, and cease all support for international terrorism—which it is not doing."
Trump accused North Korea of "repeatedly" supporting international terrorism, "including assassinations on foreign soil." The president cited Otto Warmbier, the American student who died in June after being imprisoned in North Korea for 17 months, during Monday's announcement. 

As the investigation into the murder of Baltimore Police Detective Sean Suiter continues, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis revealed during a press conference on Wednesday evening that Suiter was shot with his own gun and he was set to testify in a police corruption case the next day.
Suiter, 18-year veteran officer, was gunned down on Nov. 15 in West Baltimore while conducting a follow-up on a homicide investigation. He sustained a close-contact gunshot wound to the head.
During the press conference, Davis confirmed that Suiter was set to testify in an unspecified case against officers who were indicted in March. Davis said that the U.S. attorney's office and the special agent in charge of the FBI's Baltimore field office assured him that Suiter was not a target in any ongoing criminal investigation.
"There is no information that has been communicated to me that Detective Suiter was anything other than a stellar detective, great friend, loving husband and dedicated father," Davis said.

Police arrested an Indiana high school teacher Wednesday after her students caught her on video using what they say was cocaine in a classroom.
The 24-year-old teacher, Samantha Cox, is seen in the video acting strangely in an empty classroom early Wednesday morning.
"She’s in the corner, hiding with a chair and a book and what appears to be cocaine, putting it into lines," Will Rogers, a student, told WGN9.
Soon after recording the teacher, students notified administrators and Cox was taken from the school in handcuffs. Authorities plan on charging her with possession of a controlled substance and drug paraphernalia.
While conducting their investigation, Police told The Northwest Indiana Times that they suspected the teacher had a “mixture of cocaine and heroin.”
Police said the students did the right thing by reporting their teacher.
