
The death toll in a bomb and gun attack on a Sufi mosque in northern Sinai has risen to 305, with 27 children among the dead, Egypt's state prosecutor said Saturday.
Another 128 people were injured, according to a statement from the public prosecutor read out on Egyptian state-run news channel Nile TV.
Between 25 to 30 armed men carried out the assault on the al Rawdah Sufi mosque in Bir al-Abed, the statement said.
The prosecutor also gave more detail about how the brutal attack unfolded. The attackers arrived in five SUVs and were armed with automatic machine guns, the statement said. They took position in front of the mosque and its entrances.
Survivors of the incident now at the hospital described massive gunfire and loud explosions at the start of the attack. A number of attackers, some of them masked, then entered the mosque, the statement said.

Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Saturday that Time magazine should recognize that President Trump is the only right choice for the magazine's coveted "Person of the Year" distinction.
Lewandowski told Fox News that Time and other mainstream media outlets don't give Trump "the credit he's deserved."
"The mainstream media has never wanted to give this president the credit that he's deserved. I don't know who else can be the Time magazine Person of the Year other than our president, Donald Trump," the former Trump aide said.
"As you know, the stock market is through the roof. People's 401(k)s are doing better than they were a year ago," he added. "Why should we be surprised?"
The former campaign manager's statement comes after Trump tweeted Friday that the magazine told him he could possibly be "Person of the Year" for the second year in a row. Trump said he turned the magazine down.

Senior White House officials insisted Saturday that President Trump is legally allowed to appoint an acting director for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which is an independent agency.
Officials say Trump has the right to supercede an appointment by the exiting director.
The officials called Trump’s appointment of Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney to lead the CFPB “a typical, routine move” in line with years of precedent.
Trump appointed Mulvaney on Friday night to serve as acting director of the CFPB, hours before former Director Richard Cordray left the agency. Cordray promoted his chief of staff Leandra English to the deputy director position before leaving.
The conflicting appointments mean there are two people who can claim to be the acting director of one federal agency.

U.S. Border patrol agents have detained a Florida teenager trying to enter Canada whom police want to interview in connection with the death of his grandmother.
The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office said at a news conference late Friday that the 15-year-old was stopped near Buffalo, New York.
Officials in Florida started looking for the boy and his 53-year-old grandmother on Wednesday after they failed to pick up the teen's father at the airport. The father had been on vacation with his girlfriend and his mother was watching her grandson while they were gone.
When the father got to his home in Neptune Beach, near Jacksonville on Florida's Atlantic coast, he found it had been ransacked. His mother's home in nearby Mayport was also ransacked. Weapons were missing from both homes and the grandmother's 2015 Dodge Dart was also gone.
Officials said at the news conference that the father is a corrections officer for the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.

The U.S. Navy identified the three sailors lost after a Navy plane crashed in the Philippine Sea shortly after takeoff from Japan on Wednesday.
The Navy identified the three sailors lost at sea as: Lt. Steven Combs, Aviation Boatswain’s Mate (Equipment) Airman Matthew Chialastri and Aviation Ordnanceman Airman Apprentice Bryan Grosso.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of these Sailors,” Vice Adm. Phil Sawyer, commander of U.S. Seventh Fleet, said.  “Their service and sacrifice will be lasting in Seventh Fleet and we will continue to stand the watch for them, as they did bravely for all of us.”   
Combs, a Florida native, was assigned to “Providers” of Fleet Logistics Support Squadron and was part of the carrier Air Wing Five while aboard the Ronald Reagan, the Navy stated.
Chialastri, from Louisiana, was previously assigned to USS America, the “Pro’s Nest” in Jacksonville, Fla. and Center for Security Forces Detachment Kittery Point in NH.
Grosso, a Florida native, was previously assigned to the Naval Air Technical Training Center in Pensacola, Fla. and Naval Recruit Training Center in Great Lakes, Ill.
All three men were awarded with the National Defense Ribbon. 

Wednesday was a typical afternoon but an exciting one — Thanksgiving was the next day, and Jamie Billquist and his wife, Rosemary, would partake in one of their favorite traditions: the Turkey Trot.
Rosemary Billquist, 43, got home from work about 5 p.m., and left shortly after to walk the couple’s dogs, Stella and Sugar, near the field behind their Sherman, N.Y., house. Jamie Billquist, 47, stayed at home, watching television.
A little while later, the dogs came racing to the back of the house, barking loudly. Jamie Billquist panicked. He called Rosemary’s cellphone, but she didn’t pick up.

The United States seems set to cut off its supply of arms to Kurdish fighters in Syria, in a move by President Donald Trump that is sure to please Turkey but further alienate Syrian Kurds who bore much of the fight against the Islamic State.
In a phone call Friday with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Trump said he'd "given clear instructions" that the Kurds will receive no more weapons, adding that "this nonsense should have ended a long time ago," said Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu.
The White House appeared to confirm the move in a cryptic statement about the phone call that said Trump had informed President Erdogan of "pending adjustments to the military support provided to our partners on the ground in Syria."
Trump's decision appeared to catch both the Pentagon and the U.S. State Department off guard. Officials at both agencies, who would normally be informed of changes in U.S. policy toward arming the Syrian Kurds, said they were unaware of any changes. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity.

For 37 years, it was the official newspaper of Robert Mugabe. Then, this month, the staff of the Zimbabwe Herald got an impossible assignment: They would have to cover the downfall of their benefactor.
In the days after Mugabe was detained by the military, editors and reporters gathered in a wood-paneled newsroom in an old office building downtown, trying to figure out what to do. Should they back Mugabe or the military takeover? Did they still have to echo the party line? What was the party line, anyway?

Two men sought by authorities after an altercation at a central London subway station that led to panic at the heart of the Oxford Street shopping district turned themselves in to police for questioning Saturday, officials said.
Two men aged 21 and 40 went to a police station voluntarily after a public appeal was launched, British Transport Police said. Both were interviewed by police. They haven't been identified or charged with any crime.
Authorities believe the two men had some type of confrontation on the Oxford Circus subway platform Friday afternoon, sparking panicky, false reports that guns had been fired.
Several people were injured and nine were taken to hospital, including one with leg injuries, after chaos erupted in the packed station on Friday.
Panic spread quickly near the Oxford Circus subway station on Black Friday, one of the busiest shopping days of the year. But police said after evacuating two subway stations that there were no indications that any shots had been fired.

Thousands of Pakistani police officers in riot gear fired tear gas on Saturday as they tried to clear out supporters of a firebrand cleric who have paralyzed the Pakistani capital for weeks with a protest on a main highway.
At least 200 people were injured in the violent confrontation, the authorities said. And protests spread to other cities in response to the confrontation in Islamabad, where supporters of the cleric, Khadim Hussain Rizvi, have been camped at the Faizabad Interchange, blocking the main road from Rawalpindi.
Mr. Rizvi, who leads the Tehreek-e-Labaik Pakistan party, is demanding the resignation of Pakistan’s law minister, Zahid Hamid, over a change to electoral laws that amended the wording of an oath sworn by lawmakers.
The move was quickly reversed, but his supporters had denounced the initial change as blasphemy — a highly combustible issue in Pakistan, and one that has repeatedly led to acts of violence.

President Trump will meet with Senate Republicans on Tuesday ahead of crucial votes in the GOP effort to pass a massive tax cut package, as conservatives move even closer to notching a major legislative victory.
The meeting will come during a weekly lunch Republicans hold as they go over their agenda. There are 52 Republicans in the 100-seat Senate, and the GOP needs a simple majority of votes to pass their version of the tax cut bill as soon as Thursday or Friday.

Justice Department lawyers representing President Trump say the Trump Organization's decision to walk away from its Trump SoHo hotel supports the argument for dismissing a lawsuit alleging the president is in violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.
In a letter to U.S. District Judge George Daniels in Manhattan on Friday, the Justice Department said that the exit from the SoHo location "undermines" a lawsuit from competing hotels and restaurants and watchdog groups arguing that Trump's business empire, including his hotels, amount to an illegal receipt of money from foreign governments, Reuters reported.
“This development undermines the hospitality plaintiffs’ reliance on alleged competition with the Trump SoHo to demonstrate standing,” the letter reportedly reads. 
The lawsuit claims that Trump is in violation of the Emoluments Clause, which prohibits elected leaders from receiving gifts or benefits from foreign officials, because he retains ownership of his businesses while in the White House.
