
Former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn will plead guilty Friday to "willfully and knowingly" making "false, fictitious and fraudulent statements" to the FBI about conversations with Russia's ambassador, according to court documents.
He is due to appear in court later Friday morning, a court spokesperson said. The White House declined to immediately comment.
Flynn is the first Trump administration official and the fourth connected to the campaign to be charged as part of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible collusion between the Russian government and members of Trump's team, as well as potential obstruction of justice and financial crimes.
Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his deputy Rick Gates were indicted last month; they pleaded not guilty. And Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos pleaded guilty for making a false statement to the FBI over contacts with officials connected to the Russian government.

Time is quickly running out for U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
America’s top diplomat heads to Europe next week hobbled by reports that the White House is preparing to oust him. On stops in Brussels, Vienna and Paris, he’ll face foreign leaders who will do their best to express comity but also wonder how much longer he’ll remain in the job.
Trump administration officials said privately Thursday that the president is considering replacing Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo. Publicly, officials offered a tepid defense of the secretary of state, while President Donald Trump sidestepped the question entirely.
“I think it’s a death blow,” Thomas Wright, director of the Center on the United States and Europe at the Brookings Institution, said Thursday. “The secretary of state is only powerful in the sense that he’s a voice for the president or the administration, and what they did to him today is just devastating.”

President Donald Trump said he wouldn’t benefit financially from the Republican tax legislation on Capitol Hill. In fact, he said he would get socked by it.
"So right now, America's tax code is a total dysfunctional mess," Trump said in a speech in St. Charles, Mo., on Nov. 29, 2017. "The current system has cost our nation millions of American jobs, trillions and trillions of dollars, and billions of hours wasted on paperwork and compliance. It is riddled with loopholes that let some special interests -- including myself, in all fairness. This is going to cost me a fortune, this thing -- believe me. Believe me, this is not good for me."
Trump’s claim sounded dubious. The analyses of the bills we have seen show advantages, not disadvantages, for the wealthy as well as corporations.

A San Francisco jury acquitted an illegal immigrant Thursday charged with killing Kate Steinle, the 32-year-old woman whose death President Trump used to justify his proposed border wall and his crackdown on “sanctuary cities.”
Steinle was shot in the back as she and her father strolled along Pier 14 in San Francisco on July 1, 2015. Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, a much-deported illegal immigrant from Mexico, had been released from jail, where he was being held on a drug charge, even though federal immigration authorities had sought to detain him.
Steinle signed a confession during a police interrogation and while it was admitted at the trial, defense lawyers took issue with its validity and the circumstances under which it was obtained.
The case was one of the most politicized criminal trials in years, a fact the judge instructed the jurors to ignore.
In a tweet hours after Thursday’s verdict, Trump called it “disgraceful.”

Late night host Jimmy Kimmel took his Twitter spat with Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore offline Thursday night, delivering a monologue on his own understanding of “Christian values” and lobbing insults at the Republican accused of molesting teenage girls as young as 14.
The two began trading barbs online earlier Thursday, when Moore addressed Kimmel on Twitter, writing “if you want to mock our Christian values, come down here to Alabama and do it man to man,” in response to a bit the ABC late night host had filmed at a Moore rally. Kimmel quickly accepted, albeit with an insult, “sounds great Roy - let me know when you get some Christian values and I’ll be there!”
Kimmel offered a lengthier rebuke of Moore, who has built his campaign in large part around his identity as a Christian, in his Thursday night monologue.

The latest twist in the wild Tennessee coaching search involves the Vols making a trip out to Los Angeles to meet with Washington State head coach Mike Leach, two sources told SI.
Word is the meeting with Leach and Tennessee AD John Currie lasted a few hours and went "very well," SI has learned. And I’m told there would be genuine interest in the Vols job from the Washington State head man. However this whole deal is complicated by the dynamic swirling around within UT’s leadership. We’ve heard from multiple sources there is a lot of in-fighting, finger-pointing and back-stabbing taking place amongst Tennessee brass. As SI reported earlier this week, there is a growing faction at Tennessee pushing to get Currie removed. Former Vols head coach Phil Fulmer is said to be one of those battling with Currie and that could muck up the process to reel in Leach.
Leach is also getting interest from Arkansas for its head coaching vacancy.

In a St. Louis suburb this week to sell the Republican tax bill, President Donald Trump appeared on stage with twin symbols of his vision of the country's heritage - a pair of American flags and a row of Christmas trees, adorned with red, white and blue ornaments.
"I told you that we would be saying 'Merry Christmas' again," Trump said, eliciting roars of approval from hundreds of supporters at the St. Charles Convention Center.
The theme had little to do with the president's push on taxes, aside from a reference early in his 46-minute speech that tax cuts would serve as a"big, beautiful Christmas present" to the economy. But the backdrop made clear that a president who has repeatedly used the flag to win leverage in a debate over the meaning of NFL players' protests during the national anthem was prepared to weaponize the trees in another front in the culture wars.
Trump was signaling to his base that he was following through on a campaign promise to shelve what he and his supporters view as political correctness aimed at marginalizing the nation's Christian majority in the name of diversity.

Desperate relatives pleaded with Argentine officials not to end efforts to rescue 44 crew members aboard a missing submarine after the navy announced Thursday it had shifted its focus to a search-only mission, effectively acknowledging there's no hope they'll be found alive.
The announcement, more than two weeks after the ARA San Juan disappeared off Argentina's coast, shocked and angered relatives, including some who fainted or needed medical attention upon hearing the news, Susana Alvarez, a friend of one of the missing officers, told state-run news agency Télam.
"We feel that they are still alive," one woman told CNN affiliate Todo Noticias. "Please do not suspend the rescue."

Pope Francis referred to the Rohingya people by name on Friday, the first time he has directly addressed Myanmar's persecuted Muslim minority in his Asia tour.
"The presence of God today is also called Rohingya," the Pope said after speaking to an interfaith audience in the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka.
He did not use the term in public earlier in the week in Myanmar, to the dismay of campaigners for the Rohingya, whose stories of escaping violence in the country have provoked international condemnation. Friday is the final full day of his trip.
After his speech, the Pope met a group of Rohingya refugees one by one, giving some of them blessings and listening to the stories of others.

Japan's much admired Emperor Akihito is set to abdicate on April 30, 2019, at age 85 in the first such departure from the Chrysanthemum Throne in about 200 years, the government said Friday.
Akihito's elder son Crown Prince Naruhito will ascend the throne a day later, beginning a new as yet unnamed era.
The decision was made Friday at a meeting of the Imperial House Council, which was chaired by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and included parliamentary leaders, supreme court judges and imperial family members.
Akihito expressed his apparent wish to abdicate in August 2016, citing his age and health.
Abe will provide the summary of the meeting at the next Cabinet session early next week ahead of the formal approval expected on Dec. 8, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters.

Many may associate Meghan Markle with the hit TV show "Suits", or for her relationship with Prince Harry. But the American actress is also known for her commitment to championing women's rights.
As a humanitarian, Markle has made a name for herself in the activism world by getting involved in a number of philanthropic projects. To date, the TV and movie actress has been bestowed the title of global ambassador for World Vision, advocate for UN Women, and counsellor for One Young World, a U.K.-based charity.
While the actress has been seen as a key figure in raising global attention to gender equality as of late, Markle herself claims her activist nature dates back to before she was a teenager.
"When I was just 11 years old, I unknowingly and somehow accidentally became a female advocate," Markle said at the UN Women's "20th anniversary of the Fourth World Conference of Women in Beijing" event in 2015.

The White House has a vermin problem.
A number of work orders at the White House show it is overrun with cockroaches and mice, which have taken up residence in the situation room as well as a mess hall in the basement of the West Wing, NBC reported.
Mouse traps were also set outside Vice President Mike Pence’s outer office along with the ground floor of the West Wing.
It appears the traps worked — later entries noted dead mice, with one request reading, “Landscape shop to check all the traps in the West Wing...because they’re smelling something funky or dead mouse.”
Trump once ordered Priebus to kill a fly in the Oval Office
In addition to dealing with the pressures of the job, Chief of Staff John Kelly has to contend with a colony of ants living in his office.
The Oval Office bathroom was also in need of a new toilet seat, with directions that it be installed “after hours please.”
