
The White House has developed a plan to force out Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, whose relationship with President Trump has been strained, and replace him with Mike Pompeo, the C.I.A. director, perhaps within the next several weeks, senior administration officials said on Thursday.
Mr. Pompeo would be replaced at the C.I.A. by Senator Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas who has been a key ally of the president on national security matters, according to the White House plan. Mr. Cotton has signaled that he would accept the job if offered, said the officials, who insisted on anonymity to discuss sensitive deliberations before decisions are announced.
It was not immediately clear whether Mr. Trump has given final approval to the plan, but he has been said to have soured on Mr. Tillerson and in general is ready to make a change at the State Department. Mr. Tillerson was at the White House on Thursday morning, although he was not listed on the White House public schedule.
Asked by reporters if he wanted Mr. Tillerson to stay on the job on Thursday, Mr. Trump said only, “He’s here. Rex is here.”

Matt Lauer expressed “sorrow and regret for the pain I have caused” in a statement on Thursday morning, his first public comments after NBC News fired the star “Today” show anchor amid allegations of inappropriate sexual behavior with colleagues.
“Some of what is being said about me is untrue or mischaracterized, but there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed,” Mr. Lauer wrote in a message issued by his public relations team. “I regret that my shame is now shared by the people I cherish dearly.”
“There are no words to express my sorrow and regret for the pain I have caused others by words and actions,” Mr. Lauer wrote. “To the people I have hurt, I am truly sorry. As I am writing this I realize the depth of the damage and disappointment I have left behind at home and at NBC.”
Mr. Lauer’s abrupt downfall comes amid a head-spinning series of harassment and abuse claims that have toppled powerful men in journalism, comedy, Hollywood and Silicon Valley, including the movie mogul Harvey Weinstein and another famed television morning host, Charlie Rose of CBS.

Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said on Thursday that he will support the Senate Republicans' tax plan, which GOP leadership wants to pass this week.
“After careful thought and consideration, I have decided to support the Senate tax reform bill. I believe this legislation, though far from perfect, would enhance American competitiveness, boost the economy, and provide long overdue tax relief for middle class families," McCain said in a statement.
McCain added that the Senate legislation would "directly benefit all Americans, allowing them to keep a higher percentage of what they earn."
McCain's decision is the latest boost to Republicans, after every GOP senator voted to start debate on the legislation Wednesday evening.
It's also a reversal from the ObamaCare repeal effort in July, when McCain joined with GOP Sens. Susan Collins (Maine) and Lisa Murkowski (Alaska) to kill the "skinny repeal" legislation. Murkowski announced on Wednesday that she would back the tax-reform bill.

The British backlash to President Trump picked up steam Thursday with fresh calls to cancel a planned a state visit and Britain’s prime minister standing by her denunciations of Trump’s retweets of a fringe anti-Muslim group.
Prime Minister Theresa May blasted Trump for crossing a line by posting the inflammatory videos on his Twitter page Wednesday — and then warning May to essentially mind her own business and focus on Islamist terror instead of him.

An Army veteran says Sen. Al Franken groped her in December 2003, telling CNN that while she was deployed in Kuwait, the Minnesota Democrat cupped her breast during a photo op.
Stephanie Kemplin, 41, of Maineville, Ohio, is the fifth woman in two weeks to accuse Franken of inappropriate touching, and the second person to allege that such behavior took place while Franken was on a USO tour. Three of the five women have been identified by name.
Kemplin said while she was stationed in the Middle East during the Iraq War, she met Franken -- at the time, a comedian and writer -- as he was visiting American troops with the USO. A longtime fan of "Saturday Night Live," Kemplin got in line to take a photo with Franken.
"When he put his arm around me, he groped my right breast. He kept his hand all the way over on my breast," Kemplin said in an interview. "I've never had a man put their arm around me and then cup my breast. So he was holding my breast on the side."
Kemplin repeatedly used the word "embarrassed" to describe her immediate reaction at the time.

Russell Simmons announced on Thursday that he is stepping down from leadership roles in business after writer Jenny Lumet accused him of sexual assault in 1991 in a column for The Hollywood Reporter.
The immediate responses from Hollywood and Republican politicians have been telling
Lumet – the screenwriter behind Rachel Getting Married and The Mummy – alleges in a detailed account that Simmons offered her a chauffeured ride home in 1991. When she got in the car, however, Simmons told his driver to lock the doors, took Lumet to his apartment and sexually assaulted her. "At no time that night did I say: 'Russell, I will go home with you,'" Lumet writes. "Or, 'Come home with me.' Or 'I will have sex with you.' Or 'I have the desire to have sex with you.'"
Simmons issued a statement shortly after The Hollywood Reporter published Lumet's article. "While I have never been violent, I have been thoughtless and insensitive in some of my relationships over many decades and I sincerely and humbly apologize," Simmons wrote. "This is a time of great transition. The voices of the voiceless, those who have been hurt or shamed, deserve and need to be heard. As the corridors of power inevitably make way for a new generation, I don't want to be a distraction, so I am removing myself from the businesses that I founded."

As the judge at The Hague read out a verdict confirming Slobodan Praljak's 20-year prison term for war crimes, the white-bearded former Bosnian Croat general rose to his feet.
"Slobodan Praljak is not a war criminal. I am rejecting your verdict with contempt," Praljak shouted defiantly.
He then tilted his head back and drank from a small vial. As the judge appealed for him to sit down, Praljak declared: "I have taken poison."
The judge, looking disconcerted, suspended proceedings. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia confirmed later Wednesday that Praljak had been given immediate medical help in the courtroom before being taken to the hospital, where he died.
Authorities in the Netherlands were on Thursday urgently investigating what the substance was and how Praljak was able to obtain it while being held in UN detention.

An angry father of a murder victim detonated two grenades in a Ukrainian court Thursday, killing himself and at least one other person.
The blast went off at a courthouse in Nikopol, a town in southern Ukraine, the BBC reported citing local news sources.
Those present during the explosion were attending a hearing for a murder trial from a February 2016 shooting that appeared to stem from a territorial struggle in connection with a known drug trafficking area.
Three of those on trial were wounded in the blast, the BBC reports. The defendants were accused of firing on a vehicle with an assault rifle and fatally striking two of the passengers.
At least nine people were wounded in the incident, including two convoy officers, a court officer, a prosecutor and civilians, police said.
All the victims were transported to local hospitals with "shard injuries."

Malaysia’s high-profile trial of two women accused of killing the estranged half brother of North Korean leader goes on recess Thursday with the last hearing until next year.
Indonesia’s Siti Aisyah, 25, and Vietnam’s Doan Thi Huong, 29, are accused of smearing a nerve agent on Kim Jong Nam’s face in a crowded airport terminal in Kuala Lumpur on Feb. 13. The two are the only suspects in custody, though prosecutors have said four North Koreans who have since fled the country were also involved.
Prosecutors have focused on proving the women’s guilt but shied away from scrutinizing any political motive behind the killing. Defense lawyers, who say their clients were duped into carrying out the attack, will look to shift that focus when the trial resumes Jan. 22.
Kim Jong Nam was captured on airport security camera footage as he was approached by two women, who appear to smear something on his face. Footage showed Kim gesturing for help before he suffered seizures. He was dead within two hours.
Kim was carrying four diplomatic passports that identified him as Kim Chol, aged 46.

A day after its latest intercontinental ballistic missile launch, North Korea released photos of what it’s calling the “Hwasong-15.” And the collective response from missile experts was — not to get too technical — whoa.
The missile and its launcher truck do, at first blush, appear to support North Korea’s claim that this missile is much more technologically advanced than previous iterations.
Although there is still much that can’t be gleaned from the photos, and North Korea does have an inglorious record of exaggeration, analysts generally agree that the Hwasong-15 marks a significant leap forward in North Korea’s missile development.

A 24-year-old college graduate who was arrested in a string of deadly shootings that terrorized a Florida neighborhood was ordered held without bond Thursday on four counts of premeditated first-degree murder.
Howell Emanuel Donaldson was arrested Tuesday after he asked a co-worker at a McDonald's restaurant to hold a bag carrying a gun. The co-worker looked inside the bag, spotted the weapon and approached a Tampa police officer who was sitting in the restaurant doing paperwork. When Donaldson returned to the McDonald's, police were waiting.
The arrest brought immense relief to the Seminole Heights neighborhood, where many outdoor activities had stopped since the first death Oct. 9. Two more fatal shootings happened in the weeks that followed, and residents were so scared that police escorted children while they trick-or-treated. The fourth killing happened in November.
Judge Margaret R. Taylor set a Tuesday hearing to determine whether Donaldson will be held in jail until his trial. Appearing via a video linkup from the Hillsborough County Jail, Donaldson was shackled and wore a sleeveless, blue padded anti-suicide vest. Two bailiffs held him by the arms during the hearing as family members of the victims watched from the courtroom.

Across the media and entertainment universe, powerful men—as of writing, Garrison Keillor is the latest; as of reading, who even knows?—are being felled quickly after allegations of sexual harassment and sexual abuse.
But inside politics, the repercussions have, so far, been softer. Minnesota Democratic Senator Al Franken, accused of groping several women and giving another an unwanted kiss, has offered a strange mix of contrition and defiance in saying he will stay in office. Roy Moore, the GOP Alabama U.S. Senate candidate, has bounced back in polls after multiple allegations against him that range from the creepy to the criminal. Behind them looms President Trump, who was even recorded boasting about sexual assaults. (Behind him looms Bill Clinton, who escaped impeachment and settled into elder-statesman status.)
But the case of Representative John Conyers, the otherwise venerable Michigan Democrat, is a particularly complex one. It demonstrates the way that a man’s stature can protect him, and how that stature plays into the backlash against him. It also shows how one generation’s pioneers often end up as the next generation’s impediments to progress.
