
North Korea issued a direct challenge to President Donald Trump with the launch of an ICBM missile that Defense Secretary James Mattis said demonstrates it has the ability to hit "everywhere in the world."
Pyongyang blasted a missile in the early hours of Wednesday morning local time that flew higher, and demonstrated a longer range, than any of its past tests, despite repeated warnings from Trump, who has said he would counter the isolated north Asian country with "fire and fury" if it threatened the US.
The missile spent around 53 minutes in the air, reaching a height of up to 4,500 kilometers (2,800 miles), before splashing down in waters around 210 kilometers (130 miles) west of Japan's Aomori prefecture, according to authorities in Japan and South Korea.
Hours after the launch, Trump sounded more restrained, telling reporters Tuesday at the White House that the US "will handle" the situation. "We will take care of it," the President said, adding later that North Korea "is a situation that we will handle."

The odds of a government shutdown grew dramatically Tuesday as President Trump tweeted that he saw no path to a year-end deal with Democrats “Chuck and Nancy,” who then promptly backed out of a meeting at the White House.
Shortly after Trump’s “I don’t see a deal!” tweet, Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (N.Y.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) said they didn’t see the point of sitting down with Trump. 
“If the President, who already said earlier this year that ‘our country needs a good shutdown,’ isn’t interested in addressing the difficult year end agenda,” the Democrats said in a statement, “we’ll work with those Republicans who are, as we did in April.”
Later, at the White House, flanked by empty chairs with name cards for Schumer and Pelosi, Trump said he was “not surprised” by the move and accused the Democrats of being “all talk” and “no action.”

CFPB power struggle rages on between Muvlaney, English
In a victory for the Trump White House, a temporary restraining order to halt the president's pick for acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), Mick Mulvaney, was denied by a judge late Tuesday though the decision is likely to be appealed.
U.S. District Judge Timothy Kelly ruled in favor of Trump in his effort to appoint White House budget director Mulvaney to lead the bureau, the nation's top financial watchdog agency.
“Denying the president’s authority to appoint Mr. Mulvaney raises significant constitutional questions,” Kelly, a Trump nominee for the bench, said.
The ruling comes after a nasty partisan spat that pitted the Trump administration against an Obama-era holdover.
Leandra English was elevated to acting deputy director Friday when Richard Cordray resigned. The fight for control bled into the weekend and on Sunday, English filed an emergency restraining order to keep Mulvaney out.

Adding fuel to its growing feud with President Donald Trump, CNN told POLITICO it will be boycotting the White House Christmas party for the media this year.
“CNN will not be attending this year's White House Christmas party,” a CNN spokesperson said. “In light of the President's continued attacks on freedom of the press and CNN, we do not feel it is appropriate to celebrate with him as his invited guests. We will send a White House reporting team to the event and report on it if news warrants.”
The annual event, scheduled for Friday at 2 p.m., is typically seen as a time when reporters and their bosses can mingle freely with administration members, but Trump's posture toward the press has been uniquely aggressive.
Since Trump began his run for office, CNN has been one of his favorite targets. He has often criticized the network as “fake news” and alleged that the network makes up stories.

Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., defended President Trump’s tweets from over the weekend that called CNN International a “major source of (Fake) news” and explained why many Republicans distrust CNN’s reporting.
CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer pressed Graham on Tuesday about whether he was concerned about the Libyan media questioning the credibility of a CNN report on Libyan slave auctions after seeing Trump’s tweet.
“Well, I think the President feels like that CNN and every other major news outlet in this country is just unfair to the point of being over-the-top unfair,” Graham said in response. “I think there's some truth to that. But you're a good news organization.”
Graham then noted that the reporting on the Libyan slave auctions was “well done” and said he hoped Trump knew the report was “real.”
“But you've got to understand, too, that if you're President Trump, you can't turn on CNN or any other news network in the country without somebody beating the hell out of him,” Graham added. “And I guess that wears on him.”

The Washington Post says a woman who approached reporters with a story that Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore got her pregnant as a teen actually "appears to be part of undercover sting operation" run by conservative activist James O'Keefe — suspicions the newspaper says were confirmed when the woman was spotted walking into the offices of Project Veritas on Monday.
O'Keefe, who founded Project Veritas, is countering the newspaper's story with his own narrative, releasing secretly recorded videos of Post employees that he says prove "how shockingly one-sided their editorial team is."
O'Keefe and the Post have put out dueling videos of a brief interview outside his offices on Monday in which the conservative activist seeks to turn the tables and question Post reporter Aaron C. Davis, who repeatedly asks O'Keefe whether the woman works for him.
The Post also published video footage of one of its reporters speaking to the woman who claimed to be Moore's victim. In it, reporter Stephanie McCrummen asks her who she is working for and tells her, "If there's anything you want to say about why you're here and how you came to be sitting here, I really would like to know that story as well."

Since his election in 2013, Pope Francis has constantly used his pulpit to champion the downtrodden and draw attention to the misery of the powerless and the persecuted.
He risked the fury of Turkey by describing the mass killings of Armenians in World War I as a genocide. He apologized for the silence of church leaders in the Rwandan genocide of 1994. And three months ago, he denounced “the persecution of our Rohingya brothers,” referring to the Muslim minority that has suffered a systematic campaign of murder, rape and arson by Myanmar’s military.
“I would like to express my full closeness to them,” he said at the Vatican at the time, “and let all of us ask the Lord to save them, and to raise up men and women of good will to help them, who shall give them their full rights.”

Saudi Arabia has released Prince Mutaib bin Abdullah, the most influential of the hundreds of businessmen and current or former officials detained three weeks ago in an anti-corruption crackdown, an associate of the royal family and an American official tracking the events each said Tuesday.
The release of Prince Mutaib, who had been held along with the others in a five-star Ritz-Carlton hotel in Riyadh, is a sign that the officials leading the crackdown are moving expeditiously to resolve some of the claims. But the kingdom has disclosed almost nothing about the charges against any of the detainees or about any settlement talks with them, so final outcomes, including in the case of Prince Mutaib, may be difficult to discern.
It could not be immediately determined if the prince, 65, was now able to move freely; it was more likely that he had been transferred to some form of house arrest, the American official said. It also could not be determined if he had surrendered any assets in exchange for his provisional release, or whether his assets remained frozen.

A volcano with a deadly history on Indonesia's Bali, one of the world's most popular resort islands, has spewed ash 7,600 meters (4.7 miles) high and closed the island's international airport for a third day Wednesday.
Authorities have told 100,000 people to leave an area extending 10 kilometers (6 miles) from Mount Agung as it belches grey and white ash plumes, the low clouds hanging over the volcano at times hued red from the lava welling in the crater. The volcano's last major eruption in 1963 killed about 1,100 people, but it's unclear how bad the current eruption might get or how long it could last.
Officials extended the closure of Bali's international airport for another 24 hours due to concerns the thick volcanic ash could harm aircraft.
Airport spokesman Ari Ahsanurrohim said more than 440 flights were canceled Tuesday, affecting nearly 60,000 passengers, about the same as Monday. The closure was in effect until Thursday morning. Without aircraft, getting in or out of Bali requires traveling hours by land and taking a boat to another island, enduring choppy seas in Bali's rainy season.

Even though the announcement only came yesterday that Prince Harry would be marrying American-born actress Meghan Markle, an event that marries the Camelot of the U.K. with the celebrity excitement of Hollywood, these bars have already concocted cocktails in their honor — cocktails that are sure to have their customers feeling just a little bit royal themselves.
In 1986, the Queen of England dined for her first time in a public restaurant and it was at Trader Vic’s in San Francisco, famous for supposedly inventing the Mai Tai. She was in the States to see then-President Ronald Reagan and spent a couple of days on his ranch, overlooking the Santa Ynez Valley in California. A bad storm put a kink in this plan and at the last minute she was flown to the city. A man called Bill Bacon arranged for the Queen, Prince Philip and Nancy Reagan, along with about 40 guests, to have dinner at the San Francisco Trader Vic's in the famous Trafalgar Room.

Tampa police are questioning a person in connection with four fatal shootings within a month in the city's Seminole Heights neighborhood, Tampa Police Chief Brian Dugan said Tuesday.
Dugan said police were acting on a tip about a man with a gun when they confronted the person at a local McDonald's and confiscated the weapon. Police are interviewing the person at headquarters to learn more about the firearm, and any possible connection to the killings.
The person is not under arrest or in police custody, Dugan said. The police chief said authorities don't know if the gun was used in the killings.
Dugan said the person "might be completely innocent," but added: "I'm optimistic on this one but only time will tell. We have a lot of work to do."
Police wouldn't elaborate about why they think the person may be connected to the killings.
close dialog

The search is intensifying for a missing 17-year-old Florida girl and a 27-year-old soccer coach from her high school who authorities say are together and might be headed northeast, potentially to New York or Canada.
Caitlyn Frisina, 17, and Rian Rodriguez, 27, might be traveling north after the teen left her home on her own, leaving behind her phone, "which she fully erased," the Columbia County Sheriff's office said in a Facebook post on Sunday. Police said they found footprints outside of the teen's home, and she appears to have left through a window.
Frisina's parents told police they had "no indicators" of "any type of relationship between these two," Murray Smith, public information officer for the Columbia County Sheriff’s Office, told ABC News today.
From interviews, authorities said they have learned of what Smith described as the "blossoming of a potential relationship" between Frisina and Rodriguez.
