
Egypt’s security forces were on high alert Saturday after striking back at militants whose massacre of more than 300 people at a Sinai mosque raised fears of a new and bloodier phase in the country’s struggle against Islamist insurgents. 
Egypt’s state-run Information Service tried to portray Friday’s carnage — at least 305 dead, or about quarter of the male population of the village of Rawda — as a sign of “weakness, despair and collapse” among militants opting for easy civilian targets rather than hitting heavily armed security forces as in the past.

Volcanic eruptions on the Indonesian resort island of Bali have prompted officials to cancel flights and move about 24,000 residents out of the way as a thick ash cloud from Mount Agung, thousands of meters high, drifts east and southeast along the archipelago.
Residents were evacuated from 224 points around the island while Lombok International Airport on Pulau Lombok, the island due east of Bali, has closed temporarily, said Ari Ahsan, spokesman for Ngurah Rai International Airport in Bali.
At Ngurah Rai, Bali's main airport, flight cancellations stranded roughly 5,500 passengers, Ahsan said.
Indonesia's Center for Volcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation raised its aviation notice from an orange alert to a red one Sunday.

At a senior staff meeting early in President Trump’s tenure, Reince Priebus, then the White House chief of staff, posed a simple question to Jared Kushner: What would his newly created Office of American Innovation do?
Mr. Kushner brushed him off, according to people privy to the exchange. Given that he and his top lieutenants were paid little or nothing, Mr. Kushner asked, “What do you care?” He emphasized his point with an expletive.
“O.K.,” Mr. Priebus replied. “You do whatever you want.”
Few in the opening days of the Trump administration dared to challenge Mr. Kushner’s power to design his job or steer the direction of the White House as he saw fit. But 10 months after being given free rein to tackle everything from the federal government’s outdated technology to peace in the Middle East, the do-whatever-you-want stage of Mr. Kushner’s tenure is over.
Mr. Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, who had been in seemingly every meeting and every photograph, has lately disappeared from public view and, according to some colleagues, taken on a more limited role behind the scenes. He is still forging ahead on a plan to end the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, a goal that has eluded presidents and diplomats for generations, and he has been credited with focusing attention on the government’s technological needs. But he is no longer seen as the primary presidential consigliere with the limitless portfolio.

By the time Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, made the last of his repeated pleas to President Trump to keep his distance from the Senate candidacy of Roy S. Moore, it was too late.
To Mr. McConnell, only the president could extinguish a fire that he sees as endangering Republicans’ Senate majority. But Mr. Trump, speaking by phone last Tuesday with Mr. McConnell, responded with the same argument he had been making for days inside the White House.
The women who have called Mr. Moore a sexual predator, the president believes, may not be telling the truth.
“Forty years is a long time. He’s run eight races, and this has never come up,” Mr. Trump said to the television cameras on the South Lawn hours after his conversation with Mr. McConnell, effectively endorsing Mr. Moore before boarding Marine One. “He says it didn’t happen,” the president added. “You have to listen to him, also.”

If you had to pick the year Time magazine’s “person of the year” jumped the shark, you’d probably start with 2006. That was when Time looked at the rise of open-publishing platforms like Wikipedia, YouTube, and Facebook, and decided the most influential person was the collective “you.” It was cheesy, trite, and had the exact effect Time wanted: everybody talked about it.
Time’s annual “person of the year” designation has always been a gimmick, going all the way back to Charles Lindbergh in 1927. Time was once a scrappy upstart, but for decades it was a very serious must-read magazine. Now that the heyday of newsmagazines has receded, the spectrum of people who have ever held a physical copy of Time in their hands has shriveled. Yet the “person of the year” still creates a residual media buzz—attention that, as my colleague David Graham wrote in 2012, really isn’t justified. “Year-end wrap-ups,” he wrote, “simply aren’t news.”

A man who survived the Las Vegas massacre in October died several weeks later in a hit-and-run in southern Nevada.
Roy McClellan, 52, was killed Nov. 17 when he was hit by a car in Pahrump, about 60 miles west of Las Vegas.
He was walking on the roadway when he got hit by a Chevrolet Camaro that fled the scene, according to the Nevada Highway Patrol.
McClellan and his wife made it out safely when a gunman opened fire at the Route 91 Harvest music festival on October 1, killing 58 people, his widow said.
The attack is the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.

Pakistan's Law Minister Zahid Hamid apologized to protesters Sunday for provoking outrage and he assured the nation he believes in the finality of the Prophet Mohammed.
The apology came as Pakistani forces moved against protesters blocking a key road in the capital Sunday after demonstrators attacked a police checkpoint, state media reported.
The Pakistan Rangers have taken a position close to the Faizabad sit-in in Islamabad after protesters set ablaze a car and four motorbikes, witnesses said.
The rangers are an armed paramilitary force under the command of Pakistan's military.
At least two people have died and more than 250 others been injured in street demonstrations, according to hospital officials.
Protesters are demanding Hamid's resignation for what they consider blasphemy after parliamentary bills were amended, weakening rules that require lawmakers to reference the Prophet Mohammed when taking their oaths. The government has apologized and denied making such changes, calling them clerical mistakes.

Robert Mugabe and his wife are set to retire in luxury after Zimbabwe granted its deposed president a $10 million “golden goodbye” package.
The 93-year-old will also receive immunity from prosecution and full military protection despite being ousted by a military takeover.
On top of the lump sum, Mugabe will enjoy his full presidential salary of $150,000 until his death, after which time his 52-year-old wife Grace Mugabe will continue to receive half of the salary.
Mugabe resigned in on Tuesday, November 21, after 37 years in power. His resignation and paved the way for a smooth transition of power and brought to an end his impeachment hearing.
According to local media, a senior official of the ruling ZANU-PF party said the former president and his wife would receive $5m up front and the rest in installments.

An explosion in a port city south of Shanghai on Sunday killed two people and injured at least 30 others as it knocked down buildings and left streets littered with damaged cars and debris, the government and news reports said. 
The early morning explosion struck a riverfront neighborhood in Ningbo, one of China's busiest ports, the official Xinhua News Agency and other outlets reported. Xinhua said it occurred at a factory but a police statement said the cause was under investigation.
Two people were killed and two more seriously injured, the district office announced on its social media account. It gave no details of the deaths.
At least 30 others were taken to hospitals, according to Huanqiu.com, a website operated by the newspaper Global Times. It gave no details of their injuries.
China suffers frequent deadly fires and industrial accidents, often blamed on negligence.

For more than a dozen years, Alex Ovechkin has skated between two worlds: his country of birth and his professional home. He’s beloved, cheered and revered in both.
He regularly has tried to appease supporters in these disparate homes, making his living playing hockey in the United States’ capital while spending much of his offseason in Russia’s. And while the hockey star has never hidden his affection for Vladimir Putin, Ovechkin this month raised the stakes considerably, announcing on his Instagram account that he was organizing a movement to support the Russian president.

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) today announced that Leandra English has been officially named deputy director of the agency. English, who had been most recently serving as the agency’s chief of staff, has previously held key leadership positions at the CFPB, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Office of Personnel Management. David Silberman, who had been serving as acting deputy director, will continue in his role as associate director of the Research, Markets, and Regulations division.
“Leandra is a seasoned professional who has spent her career of public service focused on promoting smooth and efficient operations. As deputy director, we will continue to benefit from Leandra’s in-depth knowledge of the operational needs of this agency and its staff,” said CFPB Director Richard Cordray. “I would like to thank David Silberman for taking on the additional role of acting deputy director during a busy time and appreciate his continued service as associate director of Research, Markets, and Regulations.”

Donald Trump’s motorcade was disrupted on Saturday, Nov. 25, by a driver in a red van who reportedly cut in and made “obscene gestures and screamed several expletives” at the U.S. president.
The incident happened as Trump made his way back to his Mar-a-Lago residence in Florida after spending his morning playing golf at Trump International in West Palm Beach.
“At one point a man in a red van attempted to cut into the motorcade,” a White House pool report stated. “Local law enforcement pulled over the vehicle, where the driver made obscene gestures and screamed several expletives.”
Trump’s trip to Trump International was the fourth day in a row that the president has visited one of his golf properties over the Thanksgiving holidays.
The Florida trip also marks the hundredth day he’s spent at a property he owns since his inauguration earlier this year.
