
Following the news of NBC's decision to fire Matt Lauer over sexual misconduct claims, many of the host's former colleagues spoke out in shock and dismay about the charges. .
NBC News chairman Andy Lack announced Lauer's termination in a memo to staff that was read at the top of Wednesday's Today show, citing "detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace" for the reason behind his firing.
Natalie Morales, who co-anchored the Today show with Lauer before replacing Billy Bush on Access Hollywood, discussed his firing on Access Hollywood Live Wednesday morning, saying she "woke up to the news like everyone this morning — just in shock."
Morales acknowledged the rumors that she and Lauer had an affair, which they have both previously denied. “I have personally dealt with rumors in the past for years that were hurtful to me, my family – they diminished my hard work. I’ve addressed those rumors head-on in the past," she said. "That is not the story today. The story today is the courage of a colleague who did come forward, and when and if she wants to tell her story publicly, I’m sure she will. But it did take a lot of courage for her to come forward. It was no doubt a very painful decision.”

Early Wednesday morning, President Trump made a British white nationalist group very happy — even exultant.
“THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, DONALD TRUMP, HAS RETWEETED THREE OF DEPUTY LEADER JAYDA FRANSEN'S TWITTER VIDEOS! DONALD TRUMP HIMSELF HAS RETWEETED THESE VIDEOS AND HAS AROUND 44 MILLION FOLLOWERS! GOD BLESS YOU TRUMP! GOD BLESS AMERICA!” read a tweet from the main Twitter account of Britain First, which bills itself as a political party but has been widely condemned as an extremist group that targets mosques and Muslims.

Washington (CNN)Donald Trump potentially has millions of lives in his hands as the threat of a devastating war with North Korea swiftly escalates.
Yet the President of the United States is raising new questions about his temperament, his judgment and his understanding of the resonance of his global voice and the gravity of his role with a wild sequence of insults, inflammatory tweets and bizarre comments.
On Wednesday Trump caused outrage and sparked fears of violent reprisals against Americans and US interests overseas by retweeting graphic anti-Muslim videos by an extreme far right British hate group. Earlier this week he used a racial slur in front of Native American war heroes. He's attacked global press freedom, after cozying up to autocrats on his recent Asia tour.
And now there are reports that the President has revived conspiracy theories about former President Barack Obama's birthplace and is suggesting an "Access Hollywood" video on which he was heard boasting sexually assaulting women, and for which he apologized last year, had been doctored.

After a nearly two-month search, Tampa police arrested and charged a 24-year-old man with four counts of murder in connection to a series of fatal shootings that had terrified residents in the city's Seminole Heights neighborhood.
Howell Donaldson III was taken into custody Tuesday afternoon at a nearby McDonald's after police recovered a gun that they said had been used in the four killings.
Donaldson admitted that he owned the gun but did not admit to the killings, Tampa Police Chief Brian Dugan said, but police are convinced that they finally caught the person responsible.
"We've had other guns, but we knew this was the one," Dugan said. "Now the work begins to shore up the case and get a full prosecution."
The arrest came 51 days after the first of four shootings in Seminole Heights, each of which targeted citizens doing ordinary things, like waiting at a bus stop or crossing the street. The four seemingly unconnected victims were each killed -- but not robbed -- while walking alone at night within a half-mile area, police said, leading to fears of a serial killer on the loose.
close dialog

 The court session in The Hague was meant to be the final act of a decades-long legal process over the atrocities of the Bosnian and Croatian wars. Instead, it descended into chaos, confusion and, ultimately, death.
As judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia were delivering rulings on Wednesday on appeals related to Croatia’s involvement in the 1992-95 Bosnian conflict, one of the six defendants, Slobodan Praljak, addressed the court.
“Slobodan Praljak is not a war criminal,” he declared slowly and deliberately in Croatian, just moments after judges upheld Mr. Praljak’s 20-year jail sentence for war crimes and crimes against humanity. “I reject yourjudgment with contempt.”
In a scene befitting the movie director Mr. Praljak had been before the Bosnian war erupted, he pulled out a small container, raised it to his lips and ostentatiously swallowed the contents.
His lawyer then announced that Mr. Praljak, a tall, distinguished-looking man with silver hair and a goatee, had ingested poison.

President Donald Trump is eager to sign into law big changes to the tax code.
The House approved its tax rewrite on Nov. 16, and the Senate is trying to clear its version with a full vote this week.
If the Senate passes the measure, the two chambers will have to iron out their differences in a version that can pass both chambers.
Both plans lower individual income tax rates for the middle class. However, they use a slower-growing inflation measure than the one used now, which causes income bracket thresholds to grow more slowly and thus eventually pushes more people into higher tax brackets.
Both bills reduce the corporate income tax from 35 percent to 20 percent.
They also switch the United States to a territorial system, which only taxes income earned within a country's borders. The Senate bill is more favorable to multinationals, with provisions that increase taxes on intangible income earned abroad while incentivizing the re-entry of intangible assets.

Two American men who were reportedly honeymooning in Thailand were detained after they shared photos of their exposed butts taken at two famous Bangkok temples.
The pair, Joseph and Travis DaSilva of San Diego, both 38, were arrested at Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok on Tuesday, just days after they uploaded photos of their bared backsides to Instagram, the Bangkok Post reported; the photos were taken at Wat Arun (The Temple of Dawn) and Wat Pho temples.
“They were detained as they were about to leave Thailand,” said Col. Cherngron Rimpadee, an immigration police spokesman. The colonel said the couple were on a “watch list” after their social media posts caught authorities’ attention.
"Once they are through with the charges, the Thai immigration police will revoke their visas and push for deportation," he said, according to the BBC. "They will also be blacklisted from coming back to Thailand."
He added that the two men admitted to taking down their pants and posing for photos at the temples.

Brexit supporters accused Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday of being far too weak with the European Union after reports that she is ready to pay what Brussels is demanding to settle the divorce bill to leave the bloc.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper said the net bill would total 45 billion to 55 billion pounds. While some UK officials have cast doubt on the numbers, the sides are moving closer to a deal on cash.
Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage told Reuters that Britain should walk away from the talks rather than offer such sums.
“This is a complete sell-out that is not in our national interest,” said Farage, a former leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) who played a big role in the 2016 referendum in which 52 percent of Britons voted to leave the EU.
“The British prime minister needs to say: ‘Look, either start to behave reasonably, either start to behave in a grown-up way, or ... we are walking away’,” said Farage, who remains a member of the European Parliament.
In the referendum, 17.4 million voters backed leaving the EU while 16.1 million voters backed remaining. Britain is due to leave on March 29, 2019, but is yet to clinch a deal with Brussels on the overall divorce terms.

Behind closed doors, President Trump has revived a conspiracy theory that his predecessor Barack Obama was not born in the U.S., according to a report.
A senator who spoke to the New York Times on the condition of anonymity recounted a conversation with Trump in which he questioned the authenticity of President Barack Obama’s birth certificate, a falsehood he has fueled since 2011.
Trump has repeated the theory in recent months, even though he held a press conference in September 2016 and announced, “President Obama was born in the United States — period.”
Three years after Obama released a short-form birth certificate in 2008 to quell rumors he was born in Kenya, Trump revived the birther movement to undermine the legitimacy of the country’s first black President.

The Trump administration is holding talks on providing nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia — a move that critics say could upend decades of U.S. policy and lead to an arms race in the Middle East.
The Saudi government wants nuclear power to free up more oil for export, but current and former American officials suspect the country’s leaders also want to keep up with the enrichment capabilities of their rival, Iran.
Saudi Arabia needs approval from the U.S. in order to receive sensitive American technology. Past negotiations broke down because the Saudi government wouldn’t commit to certain safeguards against eventually using the technology for weapons.
Now the Trump administration has reopened those talks and might not insist on the same precautions. At a Senate hearing on Nov. 28, Christopher Ford, the National Security Council’s senior director for weapons of mass destruction and counterproliferation, disclosed that the U.S. is discussing the issue with the Saudi government. He called the safeguards a “desired outcome” but didn’t commit to them.

A majority of Supreme Court justices seemed to agree Wednesday that the abundance of private information available about Americans in the digital age might require new restraints on government’s ability to access it.
In the case before the court, that might mean law enforcement must prove more to a judge about suspected criminal wrongdoing to collect cell-tower records that can provide what Justice Elena Kagan called “24/7” tracking of a person.
But the justices indicated that was only one issue implicated by an explosion of digital information that is transforming Americans’ expectation of privacy.

Almost lost amid the furor surrounding President Donald Trump’s widely condemned promotion Wednesday morning of anti-Muslim videos was the president’s suggestion that his current media nemesis, Joe Scarborough, was somehow involved in the tragic death of an intern in 2001. Though PolitiFact has ruled Trump’s tweet “pants on fire,” the urban myths surrounding the death of Scarborough intern Lori Klausutis in his Florida district office have never truly disappeared from the fever swamps, and the president seemed to give them new life by suggesting MSNBC fire Scarborough based on this “unsolved mystery.”
“Looks like I picked a good day to stop responding to Trump’s bizarre tweets,” Scarborough replied. “He is not well.”
Although Trump’s tweet, a pedestrian attack beneath the dignity of the office of the President, is disgusting in its own right, the unfortunate reality is that there is no viable legal action Scarborough can take against the president for libel or defamation for one simple reason: The president is immune.
