
The Senate passed the most sweeping tax rewrite in decades early Saturday, with Republicans lining up to approve an overhaul that will touch almost every corner of the United States economy, affecting families, small business owners and multinational corporations, with the biggest benefits flowing to the highest-earning Americans.
Senators voted 51-49, as Republicans approved the nearly 500-page bill in the early morning hours after lawmakers received a rewritten version, which contained significant changes from the original bill that passed two Senate panels last month along party lines.
Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader and Kentucky Republican, called it “a great day for the country.”
The president praised Republican lawmakers on Saturday morning on Twitter, saying, “Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!”

After six months of work, special counsel Robert S. Mueller III has indicted two advisers to President Trump and accepted guilty pleas from two others in exchange for their cooperation with his probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election — a sign of mounting legal peril for the White House.
With the guilty plea Friday by former national security adviser Michael Flynn — one of Trump’s closest and most valued aides — the investigation has swept up an array of figures with intimate knowledge of the campaign, the transition and the White House.
It appears to have swiftly expanded beyond Russia’s interference in the campaign to encompass a range of activities, including contacts with Russian officials during the transition and alleged money laundering that took place long before Trump ran for office.
And Flynn’s agreement to fully cooperate with investigators suggests that Mueller is not done yet.

Authorities in North Carolina arrested the live-in boyfriend of 3-year-old Mariah Woods’ mother and charged him with multiple offenses, including concealing death, despite the fact that the missing toddler has not yet been found.
The Onslow County Sheriff’s Office and the FBI detained 32-year-old Earl Kimery Friday in connection with the disappearance of the toddler, WRAL reported. He's accused of "removing Mariah Woods' body from the scene of her death and did conceal Mariah Woods' death and body, knowing that Mariah died from unnatural causes. The defendant acted with deceit and intent to fraud," according to the arrest warrant.
The Sheriff’s office in a statement early Saturday morning announced evidence collected during their investigation has led them to believe Mariah is dead.
“At this time, the location of Mariah is unknown,” the statement said. “The searches now will shift to a recovery process.”

Alabama’s closely watched U.S. Senate race is a neck-and-neck contest as voter concerns about personal moral conduct weigh on the candidacy of Republican Roy Moore, according to a new Washington Post-Schar School poll.
With less than two weeks to go, support for Democrat Doug Jones stands at 50 percent vs. Moore’s 47 percent support among likely voters — a margin of a scant three points that sets up a nail-biter for the oddly timed Dec. 12 special election.
The survey shows that allegations of improper sexual behavior against Moore, a former Alabama chief justice, hang heavily over a race that would favor a Republican under ordinary circumstances in this deeply conservative state.
Fifty-three percent of voters say Jones, a former federal prosecutor, has higher standards of personal moral conduct than Moore. In contrast, about a third of likely voters say Moore, who has cast his campaign as a “spiritual battle” with heavy religious overtones, has higher moral standards.

Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi has joined the chairman of the House Democrats' campaign committee in calling on a first-term Democratic Nevada congressman to resign, following a report that he sexually harassed an aide during his 2016 congressional campaign.
In an article published by BuzzFeed Friday afternoon, Rep. Ruben Kihuen was accused of making repeated sexual advances toward his then-campaign finance director by a woman identified as "Samantha." BuzzFeed said it is withholding her surname at her request. Samantha alleges that Kihuen propositioned her for dates and sex, and twice touched her thighs without consent.
Samantha said she did not feel comfortable telling the campaign's leadership about the alleged harassment, so she quit.
Kihuen released a statement Friday night in response to the BuzzFeed article, in which he apologized -- but also claimed not to recall any alleged harassment.

A Florida teenager who was reported missing Sunday was found safe about 1,000 miles away in New York with a 27-year-old soccer coach, who was taken into custody, according to the Columbia County, Florida Sheriff's Office.
The search for Caitlyn Frisina, a 17-year-old from Fort White, began Sunday morning, when her parents discovered she was missing from their home.
Investigators confirmed that the high school senior was with her school's boys' soccer coach, Rian Rodriguez, 27, the sheriff's office said this week. The two were believed to be driving northeast in a red Mercury Sable.
Around 4 p.m. Friday, a New York State Police officer spotted that vehicle in Syracuse, New York, the Columbia County Sheriff's Office said via its Facebook page. The officer stopped the car and found Rodriguez and Caitlyn safe.
Rodriguez was taken into custody without incident, and Caitlyn was detained, the sheriff's office said. Rodriguez faces charges for interference with child custody and may face additional charges, said Columbia County Sheriff Mark Hunter, who said he got to deliver the news to Caitlyn's parents.

Secretive real estate deals in the Holy Land are putting one of Jerusalem's most powerful and ancient churches in the spotlight.
The Greek Orthodox Church calls itself the second-largest landowner in Israel, after the Israeli government. It says it owns some 30 percent of Jerusalem's walled Old City, the city's historic core, and controls the largest stake of any Christian denomination in the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, home to the traditional tomb of Jesus. It also owns lands throughout Jerusalem, Israel and the West Bank.
But in recent years, church leaders have quietly sold off several properties to anonymous investors fronted by companies registered in far-flung tax havens. Israeli and Jewish businessmen were later identified as some of the buyers.
These deals have only recently become public, raising panic among Israelis whose apartments are built on church land and leading to small but growing public protests by some Palestinian church members.
The church leadership is dominated by Greek nationals, but the church's local following is largely Palestinian. Some Palestinians are worried about possible implications for their quest for independence.

Israel launched surface-to-surface missiles at a military installation outside the Syrian capital Damascus overnight, Syrian state TV reports.
The attack caused damage but two missiles were intercepted, it added.
The Israeli military has not confirmed it carried out the strike.
UK-based monitoring group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights earlier reported explosions near Damascus, which it said were caused by a suspected Israeli missile attack.
The extent of the damage is not yet clear although the TV report spoke of "material losses" at the base.
Head of the Syrian Observatory, Rami Abdel Rahman, told the AFP news agency the strike destroyed an arms depot - but his group did not know who it belonged to.
Israel has hit weapons sites before, in a bid to prevent arms being transferred to Syria's Lebanese ally Hezbollah. Arms convoys in particular have been singled out by the Israeli air force.

Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh -- whose supporters are now in a shaky alliance with the Houthi rebels in the fight against the Saudi-led coalition -- tossed an olive branch on Saturday to Riyadh, saying he is open to talks with the coalition and ready to "turn the page."
But Saleh's message didn't sit well with the Houthis, whose spokesman called his remarks "a coup against our alliance and partnership." The reaction is another sign of a developing rift among rebel groups in the Yemen civil war.
Fighting between rebel groups has erupted in Sanaa in recent days, leading to dozens of deaths, officials from both sides told CNN.
Street fighting in the war-wracked country comes amid heightened regional tensions, most notably after Houthi rebels early last month launched a missile that was intercepted near the Saudi capital.
Saudi Arabia responded to the incident with a blockade of Yemen. That now has been partially lifted -- though not enough to stave off a humanitarian catastrophe, according to the United Nations.

Minutes before a cacophony of Cold War-era sirens blared across Hawaii on Friday, the staff at a Kauai Island adventure tour operator paused to gather in an outdoor parking lot. Huddled in the partial shade of palm trees, five colleagues embraced an expectant moment of quiet. The silence was cut at 11:45 a.m., as the sirens wailed for the first time in a generation.
As nuclear tensions between North Korea and the United States foment, Hawaii has reinstated a test of a statewide nuclear attack warning system not utilized since the 1980s. The drill will be repeated on the first business day of the month for the foreseeable future.
“It was as anticlimactic as I expected, but I wanted to come outside and really hear it,” said Peggy Sowl, sales manager at Kauai Outfitters. “Maybe they should be playing Broadway tunes if it’s the last sound we’re going to hear in the last 15 minutes of our lives.”
For Sowl, making light of the situation is more than just a coping mechanism, it’s a strategy for staying sane as talk of a potential nuclear attack increases.

In his first public comments about Michael Flynn pleading guilty Friday to lying to the FBI about his interactions with a Russian official, President Trump reiterated Saturday that his campaign did not collude with Russia during last year's presidential election.
“What has been shown is no collusion. No collusion. There’s been absolutely — there’s been absolutely no collusion, so we’re very happy,” Trump told reporters Saturday morning before departing for a fundraising trip to New York.
The president’s comments come the day after his former national security adviser pleaded guilty to lying about his contacts with then-Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. In a statement Friday, Flynn said he has agreed to cooperate with special counsel Robert S. Mueller III’s team in its ongoing investigation into the Kremlin's attempts to influence the 2016 election, including possible coordination with the Trump campaign.

The acquittal of an undocumented Mexican immigrant in the shooting death of a woman on a San Francisco pier shocked her family, outraged President Donald Trump and galvanized anti-immigration forces across the country.
But for the jury, the high-profile murder case apparently came down to a question of reasonable doubt, according to experts in criminal prosecution. The jurors were evidently not convinced that the defendant, Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, acted with intent — a bar prosecutors needed to clear to convict him of the most serious charges.
"As controversial and tragic as this case may be, and as political as it has become, my best guess is that this turned out to be a very conventional case in that ... the defense just cast doubt on the prosecution's theory," said Robert Weisberg, a criminal justice professor at Stanford Law School.
