
Ayman Safadi, the foreign minister of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, has been actively campaigning on Twitter against US President Donald Trump's plan to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. His is one of many voices throughout the region, among countries the Jewish state has relations with and those it doesn't, among its enemies and luke-warm friends, warning of the consequences of such a move.
On December 3, Safadi tweeted that he had spoken with his counterpart in the United States, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson “on dangerous consequences of recognizing Jerusalem as capital of Israel. Such a decision would trigger anger across Arab, Muslim worlds, fuel tension and jeopardize peace efforts.” 
Safadi had reached out to the Arab League and Organization of Islamic Cooperation, which represents 57 Muslim countries, for support against the US move, he said. He went further on December 4, tweeting that he had spoken with foreign ministers from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Morocco, Iraq, Oman and Tunisia. 
Jordan appears to see the recognition as a serious crisis. This is compounded by Israel's lack of an ambassador in Jordan since July, after an Israeli security guard shot two Jordanians.

Several homes in Los Angeles’ Bel-Air neighborhood were burning Wednesday morning as a wind-driven wildfire prompted a full closure of the 405 Freeway as well as mandatory evacuations in an area of multimillion-dollar homes.
The fire was estimated to cover about 50 acres by 6:20 a.m., but Los Angeles fire officials said it was being fueled by 25 mph winds and would likely grow.
Ash and smoke swirled in the sky as dozens of firefighters fought flames atop hills adjacent to the 405. Television news video showed multiple homes in flames.
Authorities have ordered the evacuation of all homes between Mulholland Drive on the north, Sunset Boulevard on the south, Roscomare Road on the east and the 405 Freeway on the west. Earlier in the morning they ordered evacuations along Casiano Road, Moraga Drive and Linda Flora Drive. Residents of Mandeville Canyon and Sullivan Canyon should be prepared for evacuation, the department said.
The fire also caused massive gridlock along one of the city’s most congested commuter corridors. Caltrans announced the full closure of the 405 Freeway between the 101 and 10 treeways. It has also closed all onramps to the 405.
Residents near Bel Terrace and North Sepulveda Boulevard raced outside their homes Wednesday morning as flames encroached on their homes.

Wind-whipped wildfires raged for a third day Wednesday in Southern California -- including a fresh blaze near the posh Bel Air area and Interstate 405 -- threatening further damage after burning more than 65,000 acres, torching scores of buildings and forcing tens of thousands of people to flee their homes.
The fires are burning extremely dry terrain along the northern and western edges of Los Angeles, and, more extensively, Ventura County, northwest of the nation's second most-populous city.
Heavy Santa Ana winds blamed for spreading the infernos still threaten to multiply the destruction. Among the smaller fires that popped up Wednesday morning was a 50-acre blaze burning near I-405 close to the Getty Center arts complex, Bel Air and UCLA.
Videos of that fire showed bright flames glowing ominously close to I-405 motorists early Wednesday.
The winds might die down during sunlight Wednesday, but they're expected to pick up in the evening and Thursday -- perhaps as gusty as 50 mph, posing a risk of further spread.

There may never be an end to the Harvey Weinstein stories. The disgraced mogul, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by dozens of women, is once again the subject of a stunning report from The New York Times that details the shocking ways in which he maintained a hold on the entertainment industry for decades. Keeping his grip required dire complicity; in one section, the Times says that at least eight C.A.A. agents knew about Weinstein’s alleged misconduct, “largely from actresses they represented,” but did not do anything about it.
In a statement to the newspaper, the powerful agency apologized “to any person the agency let down for not meeting the high expectations we place on ourselves,” and noted that it will revise “management structure to include more women and improve its sexual harassment policies.” Weinstein, meanwhile, denies claims of non-consensual acts, and his spokeswoman disputed claims in the Times’ article about inappropriate actions, as Weinstein has a different recollection from his accusers.
Oscar-winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow provides a shocking anecdote about the purported complicity of agents during Weinstein’s heyday. Paltrow, one of many women who spoke on the record with the Times about allegedly being harassed by Weinstein, said that she reported the alleged incident over two decades ago to her own agent, Rick Kurtzman of C.A.A. Though he “looked incredulous” and was disgusted, he did not suggest that she speak about the issue with agency leaders. Kurtzman declined to comment to the Times.

A former Democratic congressional aide said Al Franken tried to forcibly kiss her after a taping of his radio show in 2006, three years before he became a U.S. senator.
The aide, whose name POLITICO is withholding to protect her identity, said Franken (D-Minn.) pursued her after her boss had left the studio. She said she was gathering her belongings to follow her boss out of the room. When she turned around, Franken was in her face.
The former staffer ducked to avoid Franken’s lips. As she hastily left the room, she said, Franken told her: “It’s my right as an entertainer.”
“He was between me and the door and he was coming at me to kiss me. It was very quick and I think my brain had to work really hard to be like ‘Wait, what is happening?’ But I knew whatever was happening was not right and I ducked,” the aide said in an interview. “I was really startled by it and I just sort of booked it towards the door and he said, ‘It’s my right as an entertainer.’”
The former staffer, who was in her mid-20s at the time of the incident, said she did not respond to Franken.

Time magazine has named “The Silence Breakers” as its 2017 Person of the Year, recognizing the women (and some men) who came forward with stories of sexual harassment and assault and helped force a nationwide reckoning.
The magazine calls them “the voices that launched a movement.”
Among them Ashley Judd and Rose McGowan, the actresses whose stunning accusations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein helped lead to his downfall; and activist Tarana Burke, creator of the #MeToo movement, along with the Hollywood star who amplified it on social media, Alyssa Milano.

President Vladimir Putin, who’s ruled Russia for 18 years, announced he will seek a new six-year term in March. Constitutional limits mean it’s likely to be his last.
“I can’t think of a better time or place to announce it -- thank you for your support -- I will run for the post of president of the Russian Federation,’’ Putin told an event at the GAZ auto factory in Nizhny Novgorod on Wednesday. In comments carried live on national television, he was responding to a worker who asked him to “do us a favor” and confirm his intentions, triggering chants of “GAZ is behind you!”
At the peak of his power at home and abroad, Putin is expected to win a landslide in the contest, due on March 18, with a recent poll showing he’d get 67 percent of the vote. Though popular domestically, his aggressive rebuilding of Russia’s global influence has brought a surge in tension with the West. Relations with the U.S. are at the lowest since the Cold War, with Russia facing more sanctions over allegations of Kremlin meddling in last year’s American presidential election.  
Russia’s isolation deepened Tuesday when its athletes were banned from competing under the country’s flag at the Winter Olympics in February because of a major doping scandal that has already tarnished Putin’s triumph at the 2014 Games in Sochi.

Two men appeared in court Wednesday in London on terror charges over an alleged plot to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May, according to British government officials.
Officials say the men conspired to launch a suicide-knife attack on Downing Street, the official home of the Prime Minister.
News of the foiled assassination plot broke shortly after the head of Britain's domestic intelligence service MI5, Andrew Parker, had briefed the cabinet on the terrorist threat and informed ministers that his service had thwarted nine terrorist attacks this year.
He informed ministers of the plot during the briefing, although the information was held back from the media for several hours.
Both of the conspirators were arrested last week in raids by counterterrorism officers in London and Birmingham, according to police officials. One of the men, named as Naa'imur Zakariyah Rahman, 20, is accused of preparing acts of terrorism.

A state-run newspaper in a Chinese city near the border with North Korea on Wednesday published a page of "common sense" advice on how readers can protect themselves from a nuclear attack or explosion.
China has voiced grave concern over North Korea's nuclear and missiles programme, as well as calling on the United States and South Korea to stop provoking Pyongyang.
An American B-1B supersonic bomber flew over South Korea on Wednesday as part of a large-scale joint military drills with Seoul. Kim Jong Un's regime has warned the drills would push the Korean Peninsula to the "brink of war."
The full-page article in the Jilin Daily explains how nuclear weapons differ from traditional arms and instructs people how to protect themselves in the event of an attack.

A baby boy mistakenly declared dead by an Indian hospital last week, passed away on Wednesday morning.
Dr. Sandeep Gupta, who was treating the baby at the Delhi New Born Center said "we knew from the beginning that he may not survive but we were trying our best."
The baby was born at the Max Super Speciality Hospital in Shalimar Bagh, New Delhi, last Thursday but pronounced dead two hours later, the boy's grandfather, Praveen Malik, told CNN.
His mother had given birth to twins but the girl was declared stillborn.
On the way to the cremation ground, the family found the boy still breathing after noticing "some movements" inside one of the polythene bags containing the babies' bodies.

The race for mayor in Atlanta early Wednesday was too close to call, with one candidate declaring herself the city's new leader and the other vowing to request a recount.
The margin was razor-thin, with several hundred votes separating Keisha Lance Bottoms and Mary Norwood.
Bottoms spoke early Wednesday at an Atlanta hotel, saying near the end of her speech that "I am just in awe of what God is able to do."
"I'm so honored to be your 60th mayor," she told her cheering supporters.
But Norwood took the podium at her own rally and said that absentee ballots from military members were yet to figure in the totals, and she believes some ballots have yet to be tabulated.
"We will be asking for a recount," Norwood said.
Just 759 votes separated the candidates early Wednesday morning, Norwood told supporters.

A veteran Florida python hunter last weekend snagged a record 17-foot snake, a behemoth so immense he said it could "kill any full-grown man."
The South Florida Water Management District said Monday python hunter Jason Leon broke the agency's old record with his kill of a Burmese python in southern Miami-Dade County at around 2:45 a.m. Friday.
"That snake could pretty much kill any full-grown man," Leon told NBC6. "If that snake was alive right now it would probably take like three of us to be able to control that snake."
A python hunter in the Everglades snagged a 17-foot python early Friday morning, setting a new record.  (South Florida Water Management District)
The 17-foot, 1-inch python, weighing 132 pounds, is the longest ever brought in for the agency's Python Elimination Program. Leon also holds the overall state record with an 18-foot-8-inch python he caught in 2013.
Jason Leon, who snagged this 17-foot python, also holds the Florida state record.  (South Florida Water Management District)
Leon said in a video posted by the SFWMD he spotted the female snake in submerged water, grabbed her and quickly shot her in the head while holding the snake. There was a smaller male python nearby, but he was not captured, Leon said.
“We’re going to find a 20-footer tonight,” he joked after bringing the snake to the district’s field office in Homestead.
