
Representative John Conyers Jr., who faces allegations that he sexually harassed former employees, announced Tuesday that he will leave Congress immediately, and he endorsed his son, John Conyers III, to replace him.
Mr. Conyers, the longest-serving current member of the House and the longest-serving African-American in history, called into a local radio show on Tuesday to break the news.
“I am retiring today,” Mr. Conyers said from a hospital in Michigan. “I am in the process of putting together my retirement plans. I will have more on that soon.”
He continued to deny that he has harassed any of his former employees and said he did not know where the allegations came from.
“My legacy can’t be compromised or diminished in any way by what we are going through now,” Mr. Conyers said. “This too shall pass. My legacy will continue through my children.”

A fast-moving, wind-driven brush fire broke out Monday night in the foothills near Thomas Aquinas College in Santa Paula and swept into the city of Ventura early Tuesday, burning homes and forcing thousands to evacuate. The extent of the losses was unclear, but fire officials said there was little they could do stop the flames being pushed by gusts of 50 mph. One person was reported killed in a traffic accident on a road closed because of the fire.
California could be hit with significantly more dangerous and more frequent droughts in the near future as changes in weather patterns triggered by global warming block rainfall from reaching the state, according to new research led by scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. Using complex new modeling, the scientists have found that rapidly melting Arctic sea ice now threatens to diminish precipitation over California by as much as 15% within 20 to 30 years.

U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller has asked Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) for data on accounts held by President Donald Trump and his family, a person close to the matter said on Tuesday.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller departs after briefing the U.S. House Intelligence Committee on his investigation of potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., June 20, 2017.
Mueller is investigating alleged Russian attempts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential collusion by Trump aides.
Germany’s largest bank received a subpoena from Mueller several weeks ago to provide information on certain money and credit transactions, the person said, without giving details, adding key documents had been handed over in the meantime.
Deutsche Bank, which has loaned the Trump organization hundreds of millions of dollars for real estate ventures, said it would not comment on any of its clients.
The bank rejected demands in June by U.S. House Democrats to provide details of Trump’s finances, citing privacy laws.
Russia has denied meddling in the election and Trump has said there was no collusion.
A disclosure document posted on the U.S. Office of Government Ethics website in June showed liabilities for Trump of at least $130 million to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas.

Top House Republicans are slamming a last-minute addition to the Senate tax bill that has drawn the scorn of corporate America.
In its frantic push to win votes for its tax plan on Friday, Senate Republicans added back a corporate alternative minimum tax, which a separate House plan would eliminate along with an individual AMT. The provision, which helped the Senate to offset the cost of other tax breaks in its plan, has now emerged as a sticking point as the chambers get set to work toward a joint, final bill.
"I think that both the individual and the corporate AMT — it's costly, it's complex — really on the business side, undermines many of the pro-growth and pro-American provisions in the tax code," Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas, who is set to lead the House and Senate conference committee, told CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Tuesday.
On Monday, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., told CNBC that "I think [the corporate alternative minimum tax] has to be eliminated because that would destroy [research and development." The tax "should be eliminated for sure," McCarthy added.

The Supreme Court began hearing arguments Tuesday in one of the term’s most anticipated cases: whether the First Amendment protects a Colorado baker from creating a wedding cake for a same-sex couple.
An attorney for the baker who owns Masterpiece Cakeshop told the court that Jack C. Phillips should not be forced to design his custom-made cakes for same-sex couples against his deeply held religious beliefs and should be exempt from Colorado’s anti-discrimination law.
Several justices questioned what other types of business owners would be exempt if the court made an exception for Phillips.

President Trump has dramatically scaled back two national land monuments in Utah. The administration and Republican leaders in Utah say taking the land out of the hands of the federal government will allow the state to decide what to do with it, including protecting some areas and possibly allowing development in others.
As expected, environmental and Native American groups were outraged. Patagonia, which sells outdoor clothing and gear, splashed a statement across its website reading "The President Stole Your Land" and calling Trump's move "illegal."
The battle over Trump's authority to shrink monuments may be just beginning. Native American tribes and conservation groups are mounting legal challenges, even as the administration turns its focus to possibly shrinking half a dozen more in other states.
Before President Trump even finished his triumphal visit to Utah Monday, the first lawsuits were being filed.

The Irish prime minister Leo Varadkar, has told the Dáil (Irish parliament) that "the ball is now in London's court" after Brexit talks between the UK and the EU broke up on Monday.
He said that he accepted that Prime Minister Theresa May was negotiating in good faith but had difficulties.
Mr Varadkar said the talks were between a sovereign state, the United Kingdom, and the 27 sovereign states of the EU.
"They don't involve one political party to the exclusion of others", he added.
No agreement has been reached between the UK the EU after a DUP backlash against proposals for the Irish border.
The Irish government has been seeking guarantees from the UK that there would be no customs checks on the border with Northern Ireland after Brexit and movements of goods and people would remain seamless.
However speaking at Westminster on Tuesday, tDUP deputy leader Nigel Dodds blamed the Irish government for the failure in the Brexit negotiations, accusing it of behaving in a "reckless and dangerous way".

Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili was freed by his supporters on Tuesday only hours after authorities detained him.
Masked Ukrainian officers took Saakashvili into custody in his apartment building in the capital Kiev earlier on Tuesday, as protesters outside the building rallied in his support. Saakashvili at one point even climbed on the apartment building’s rooftop to address supporters.
The van in which authorities attempted to drive him away from the scene was blocked by protesters, who held up for hours. Saakashvili was eventually freed and repeated his calls for protests against current Ukrainian President Poroshenko.

Turkey has joined a growing chorus of key US allies in warning President Donald Trump about the perils of recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, describing it as a "fatal mistake" that would spark fresh conflict in the Middle East.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday that a reported plan for such recognition, in whole or in part, would be a "red line for Turkey" and could lead to Ankara cutting diplomatic ties with Israel.
"As the temporary president of the Islamic Cooperation Organization, we will follow this issue very closely," Erdogan said at his party's weekly meeting in the Turkish capital.
In a series of tweets earlier on Tuesday, Turkish presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin described the reported plan as "a fatal mistake ... such a move would undermine all peace efforts and trigger new tensions and conflicts."
Three other major US allies have registered their concerns this week about the reported plans of the Trump Administration to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital.

The Republican National Committee announced Monday night that it is reopening the spigot for Roy Moore in Alabama and will work to elect a candidate accused of sexual misconduct against teenage girls to the U.S. Senate.
The underlying facts have not changed in the three weeks since the RNC cut off Moore. In fact, new women have come forward, additional evidence has emerged and the candidate — who categorically denies any wrongdoing — has struggled to keep his story straight.

Eric Conn, the Kentucky lawyer who defrauded the Social Security system of more than half a billion dollars before fleeing the U.S. in June, has been arrested in Honduras, according to that country's Public Ministry. Wanted by the FBI, he also sent taunting messages while on the lam.
Conn had been under house arrest when he cut off his ankle monitor a month before his sentencing hearing and left it in a backpack along I-75 in Lexington, Ky. He was later traced to New Mexico, where a truck he had been using was found near the border. The FBI says the vehicle had been provided by a co-conspirator.
Conn eventually made it to Honduras, where agents of the Technical Agency for Criminal Investigation arrested him in the northern city La Ceiba, along the Caribbean coast. At the time, he was leaving a restaurant in a shopping center. Honduran officials say Conn is being sent back to the U.S. on Tuesday.

No man can serve two masters, the Bible teaches, but Mike Pence is giving it his all. It’s a sweltering September afternoon in Anderson, Indiana, and the vice president has returned to his home state to deliver the Good News of the Republicans’ recently unveiled tax plan. The visit is a big deal for Anderson, a fading manufacturing hub about 20 miles outside Muncie that hasn’t hosted a sitting president or vice president in 65 years—a fact noted by several warm-up speakers. To mark this historic civic occasion, the cavernous factory where the event is being held has been transformed. Idle machinery has been shoved to the perimeter to make room for risers and cameras and a gargantuan American flag, which—along with bleachers full of constituents carefully selected for their ethnic diversity and ability to stay awake during speeches about tax policy—will serve as the TV-ready backdrop for Pence’s remarks.
