
In a stunning close to his congressional career, Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) on Thursday announced he will resign amid multiple allegations that he inappropriately touched women.
Franken, while denying the allegations, said he will leave the Senate in the coming weeks. His announcement came one day after the emergence of another accusation of misconduct led a majority of Senate Democrats to call for Franken’s resignation.
Striking a defiant tone in a speech on the Senate floor, Franken defended his political legacy and made clear he was not admitting to the behavior described by his accusers.

The return of powerful winds Thursday pushed the destructive Ventura County fire closer to several communities, prompting new evacuations.
Communities both on the coast and inland were under threat. At 4 a.m., officials closed the 101 Freeway between Routes 126 and 150. According to the California Highway Patrol, that left no open routes between Santa Barbara and Ventura counties. The freeway was reopened around 7 a.m.
The Thomas fire has scorched about 90,000 acres and carved a path of destruction that stretches more than 10 miles from Santa Paula to the Pacific Ocean.
As flames raged toward neighborhoods in Ojai, Carpinteria and Fillmore, officials issued new evacuation orders in Ojai Valley, notifying residents with an emergency cellphone alert. Authorities said they were helping residents of five assisted-living facilities evacuate, while people at Ojai Hospital were advised to shelter in place.

Two students were killed when a gunman opened fire at a northern New Mexico high school Thursday morning, law enforcement officials said.
The suspected gunman was also killed, a spokesman for the New Mexico State Police told Fox News. It's unclear how the gunman died or what the motive for the attack may have been.
Aztec High School, which is located in the Four Corners region and near the Navajo Nation, was evacuated after a period of being in lockdown. Authorities said they cleared the buildings at the school, and students were boarding buses to another location where they could be reunited with their parents.
A law enforcement official and a Navajo Nation spokesman said more than a dozen others were injured during the incident, however, it wasn't immediately clear how they were hurt.
"It's tragic when our children are harmed in violent ways especially on school campuses. We express our condolences to those families who have been harmed," Russell Begaye, president of the Navajo Nation, said in a press release.

Officials, religious leaders and activists across the Middle East on Thursday condemned President Trump’s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, with U.S. allies and foes alike denouncing the move as reckless and likely to ignite further violence in the region.
Criticism of the move, which breaks with decades of U.S. policy, poured in from countries including Morocco, Egypt, Pakistan and Iran. Lebanon’s Hezbollah called it “malicious aggression,” and Turkey’s president said it would plunge the region into a “ring of fire.”

Former South Carolina police officer Michael Slager was sentenced today to 20 years in prison for the 2015 deadly shooting of unarmed black man Walter Scott.
U.S. District Judge David Norton made the ruling after saying he would follow sentencing guidelines to send Slager to prison for 19 to 24 years. The former officer could have faced life in prison. Norton ruled that Slager committed second-degree murder and obstruction of justice.
It was an emotional day for both the Scott and Slager families. At one point Scott's mother looked the former officer in the eye and told him she forgave him.
Walter Scott's brother, Rodney Scott, called the death of his brother the worst day of his life. Rodney Scott said he wants Slager to pay for his actions.

Seventy-six years after the attack on Pearl Harbor, researchers are sharing rare underwater images of the USS Ward -- the U.S. Navy destroyer that fired the first American shots in World War II.
The Ward has rested on the ocean floor near Ponson Island in the Philippines since it came under attack by kamikazes later in the war. But on Sunday, Dec. 7, 1941, the ship fatefully found itself outside of Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, conducting routine antisubmarine patrols.
At 6:45 a.m. that day, the destroyer's crew spotted a Japanese midget submarine.
A full hour before the Japanese would attack Pearl Harbor by air, the USS Ward sank the Japanese sub, considered the first American shots in World War II. It would later be revealed that four other Japanese vessels were lurking near the harbor before the attack.

Germany's Social Democrats have given the green light for their party to enter preliminary coalition talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel's party in a vote that could trigger an end to the country's political deadlock.
More than 600 SPD delegates gathered on Thursday in Berlin and debated the question for several hours before voting overwhelmingly for the exploratory talks to begin.
In a speech earlier in the day, party chief Martin Schulz -- who is facing a vote on his own leadership later on Thursday -- called for a "yes" vote in spite of significant misgivings.
Schulz had ruled out entering a coalition with the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and Christian Social Union (CSU) -- the so-called "Grand Coalition" that has ruled Germany for the last four years -- but has recently retreated from his position.

North Korea last week chose a night launch for its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile to date, to illustrate its ability to make a sneak attack. Problem is, the U.S. knew about it days ahead of time.
U.S. military intelligence detected preparations for the missile event at least 72 hours before the launch on November 29, according to The Diplomat. A U.S. government source said officials observed North Koreans setting up the launch pad for the Hwasong-15 missile firing table three hours before the launch, and saw the missile being erected an hour later.
With its network of spy planes, satellites and drones hovering over North Korea, the U.S. demonstrated it was watching the 3 a.m. launch that North Korean state-run news agency KCNA claimed showed “the capability of making surprise launch of ICBM in any region and place any time.”
The observation windows roughly matched the warning time U.S. intelligence had before North Korea’s previous two missile launches, which happened more than two months ago.

In the Canberra parliament's final session of the year on Thursday, lawmakers engaged in a lengthy debate as several amendments put forward by opponents of the bill to legalize same-sex marriage were voted down.
The Australian Parliament voted 146 to 4 in support of same-sex marriage.
"What a day for love, for equality, for respect! Australia has done it," Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told the House. "Every Australian had their say and they said it is fair, get on with it!
Supporters of same-sex marriage gathered outside Parliament House and packed the public gallery in anticipation of the legislation going through.
"It's a historic day for Australia today and I think the celebrations around the country when we finally … achieve marriage equality are going to be immense," Greens party senator Janet Rice said.
The law will likely come into effect in about a month, with the first wedding expected about a month later.

The leaders of Greece and Turkey publicly aired their grievances Thursday in a tense news conference as a two-day visit to Athens by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan got off to a rocky start.
The Greek government had expressed hopes the visit, the first to Greece by a Turkish president in 65 years, would help improve often frosty relations between the two neighbors. The NATO allies are divided by a series of decades-old issues, including territorial disputes in the Aegean Sea, and have come to the brink of war three times since the early 1970s.

Late-night hosts poked fun at President Trump after he appeared to slur his words during a speech Wednesday in which he recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
During the speech, Trump appeared to stumble at the end of the phrase "God bless the United States."
The White House blamed Trump's slurred speech on a dry throat.
"His throat was dry. There's nothing to it," White House spokesman Raj Shah told the Los Angeles Times.
"I know what you’re getting at," Shah said when pressed if the garbled words could be a sign of health concerns. "I’m saying there’s nothing to it."
Trevor Noah made fun of Trump's stumble on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show."
“As disturbing as it was today to watch Donald Trump add fuel to the Middle East conflict, it was even more disturbing to watch the conflict between Donald Trump's teeth and his tongue,” Noah said. 

FBI Director Christopher A. Wray defended the agency’s integrity Thursday, telling skeptical Republican lawmakers that its agents are “decent people committed to the highest principles of integrity and respect.’’
Wray was asked at the House Judiciary Committee hearing about how FBI personnel handled sensitive probes of President Trump and his former political rival, Hillary Clinton.
Republicans repeatedly pressed him to explain the conduct of a senior agent, Peter Strzok, now under investigation by the Justice Department’s inspector general for allegedly sending anti-Trump and pro-Clinton messages to another senior FBI staffer involved in those probes.
