
When Mr. Moore’s campaign held its final rally in Midland City late Monday, it was Kayla Moore, the candidate’s wife, who grabbed the headlines with her attempt to inoculate her husband from charges of bigotry that have dogged him. But her comments likely raised more eyebrows than praises:
Fake news says he doesn’t like women in leadership positions, yet he supports me as the president of the Foundation for Moral Law, that he started 15 years ago today. So happy birthday, Foundation for Moral Law. Our chairman is also a woman and a prominent officeholder in the bank, not to mention all of the women that work in our campaign, and there are many.
Fake news would also have you think that my husband doesn’t support the black community. Yet my husband appointed the very first black marshal to the Alabama Supreme Court, Mr. Willie James. When he first took office as chief justice many years ago, he brought with him three people from Etowah County; two were black, and one of them is here tonight. We have many friends that are black, and we also fellowship with them in church and in our home.

President Trump attacked Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) in a sexually suggestive tweet Tuesday morning that implied Gillibrand would do just about anything for money, prompting a swift and immediate backlash.
“Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Charles E. Schumer and someone who would come to my office 'begging' for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump,” the president wrote. “Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!”

Edwin M. Lee, an affordable housing advocate and technocrat who became the first Asian-American to be elected as mayor of San Francisco, died early on Tuesday of undisclosed causes, his office said. He was 65.
“It is with profound sadness and terrible grief that we confirm that Mayor Edwin M. Lee passed away on Tuesday, December 12 at 1:11 a.m. at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital. Family, friends and colleagues were at his side,” his office said in a statement.
Brent Andrew, the spokesman for the Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center, said Mr. Lee arrived at the hospital in an ambulance at about 10 p.m. on Monday.
Mr. Andrew was unable to say what condition Mr. Lee was in when he arrived. But he said that the ambulance had picked up the mayor, along with his wife, who was not a patient, from a residential area of shops and restaurants.

The man accused of blowing up a homemade explosive in a pedestrian subway tunnel in the heart of New York City posted on Facebook earlier in the day saying, "Trump you failed to protect your nation," according to a criminal complaint.
Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi man, faces a number of federal and state terrorism charges after he allegedly detonated a device made of a battery, wires, metal screws and a Christmas tree lightbulb during the busy morning commute on Monday.
Five people were treated for minor injuries at area hospitals, while the suspect was said to be seriously injured.
In an interview with investigators, Ullah admitted that he built and detonated the device and said he was inspired to do so by ISIS.
"I did it for the Islamic State," Ullah told investigators, according to the federal complaint.

A former US sergeant who defected to North Korea and became Pyongyang's prisoner for nearly 40 years has died.
Charles Jenkins, 77, lived in Japan where he had settled with his family after his 2004 release.
He was among four US soldiers who defected in the 1960s and later became North Korean film stars, but was the only one who was released.
The others reportedly died in North Korea, including James Dresnok who was said to have died of a stroke in 2016.
Charles Jenkins died on Sado island on Monday, where he was living with his wife Hitomi Soga, also a former prisoner of North Korea.
He collapsed outside his home, Japanese media reports said, and later died of heart problems in hospital. His wife said in a statement that she was "very surprised" by his death and "cannot think of anything", according to AFP news agency.

The troubling allegations made by former NFL Network employee Jami Cantor via an amended complaint filed Monday present, in many instances, something far more tangible than the he said/she said claims that often turn on who is believed, or not believed, by a judge or a jury. With allegations of texts, photos, and videos sent to Cantor, it will be easy to prove, or to disprove, that the materials were generated and sent.
The document, a copy of which has been obtained and posted by Deadspin.com, routinely cites and quotes tangible evidence that would have been digitally created and preserved.
For example, at paragraph 23(a), the amended complaint alleges that former NFL Network executive producer Eric Weinberger’s explicit text messages said that Cantor was “put on earth to pleasure me,” and that “watching you walk down the hall makes me crazy, your ass drives me insane.”

French president Emmanuel Macron hosted about 50 heads of state in Paris on Tuesday to build momentum and increase investment to move companies and governments towards the Paris agreement global temperature goals.
In 2009, industrial nations agreed to fund climate-related projects in developing nations, with $100 billion a year by 2020. The latest estimates have the funding at $62 billion.
Macron and others are depending on the private sector to fill in the gap.
And private investors have been making announcements at the One Planet summit. On Tuesday morning, over 225 institutional investors, controlling over 26 trillion dollars of assets, say they will be working with 100 polluters, to put pressure on them as shareholders to reduce their carbon impact.
Investors are now paying attention to climate change.

Dennis Rodman is urging President Trump to allow him to travel to North Korea as a peace envoy, according to media reports.
The former NBA star’s plea came after the State Department barred American passport holders from traveling there starting Sept. 1, after the death of Otto Warmbier, a U.S. student who had been imprisoned for theft in the reclusive nation.
Rodman, who wanted to travel to the North’s capital Pyongyang for a sixth time, said during an interview in Beijing with the Guardian that American officials said of his travel plans: “It’s not a good time right now.”
Tensions between the U.S. and North Korea have been fraught for months over Pyongyang's nuclear and missile program, and Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have waged a bitter war of words.

Russia will keep a naval and an air base in Syria capable of carrying out strikes against insurgents if required after a partial military pull-out announced by President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin said on Tuesday.
Putin on Monday ordered “a significant part” of Moscow’s military contingent to start pulling out of Syria, declaring their work largely done.
Putin made the announcement during a surprise visit to the Russian Hmeymim air base, where he met President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian forces.

An explosion Tuesday at a major natural gas facility near Austria's border with Slovakia left one person dead and 21 injured, and caused some gas flow disruptions to other countries, authorities said.
One person was seriously injured and 20 others slightly hurt in the morning blast at the plant in Baumgarten an der March, east of Vienna, police said. No one was in a life-threatening condition. The facility's operator said all the victims were Austrian.
The explosion set off a fire, which operator Gas Connect said was quickly contained and completely extinguished by mid-afternoon. The facility was "shut down in a controlled state and is offline," the company said.
Police wrote on Twitter that the explosion was triggered by a "technical cause," but didn't elaborate and said that local authorities are investigating. Gas Connect said it also suspects an unspecified technical fault.

Drumroll, please...
Merriam-Webster's word of the year is "feminism." 
The online dictionary said the word of the year sheds light on topics that sparked the nation's interest and is chosen by measuring which words had a significant increase in lookups compared to years past. This year, the overwhelming winner was the word "feminism," which is defined as the “the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes” and “organized activity in support of women’s rights and interests," according to Merriam-Webster.
Searches on Merriam-Webster.com for "feminism" spiked in January, 2017, during the Women's Marches held around the world, and again, when Kellyanne Conway said she didn’t consider herself a feminist in the "classic sense."  And the lookups for feminism didn't stop there. Many looked up the term amid the #Metoo movement and as increasing allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct have taken over the news cycle. 

Flames as tall as a high-rise galloping up and down mountainsides. Coastal communities shrouded in smoke. Armies of firefighters on the defensive with little hope of corralling a wildfire that refuses to quit. The scene from this month’s Thomas fire could just as easily be taken from the 2007 Zaca fire and decades before that, the 1932 Matilija fire. In a sculpted land of jagged ridges and steep canyons, where hikers can find remoteness an hour’s drive from some of California’s priciest real estate, many of the state’s biggest wildfires have burned. In the course of a week, the Thomas exploded into the fifth-biggest wildfire in the state’s modern record. At more than 230,000 acres Monday, it ranked just behind the No. 4 Zaca and above the No. 6 Matilija. The very qualities that make the Los Padres wilderness a dramatic backdrop to Santa Barbara also make it a firefighters’ nightmare.
