
Santa Barbara County was under siege from the Thomas fire Sunday as fire crews fought to keep the destructive blaze from the region’s picturesque beach communities.
Authorities said the out-of-control blaze had scorched more than 200,000 acres by Sunday afternoon, growing by more than 25,000 acres during the day and triggering new evacuation orders for residents east of Mission Canyon and north of Highway 192.
Santa Ana winds, aided by extremely low humidity, pushed the Ventura County fire over the Santa Barbara County line Saturday night. The winds that bedeviled fire crews from San Diego to Ojai last week were gusting at speeds of up to 35 mph, fire officials said.
Their greatest concern was for Carpinteria. The fire was moving west above the city in an area of very dry vegetation that hasn’t burned in about 100 years, said Steve Swindle, spokesman for the Ventura County Fire Department.

In his sternest rebuke yet, Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby said repeatedly Sunday his state can “do better” than electing fellow Republican Roy Moore to the U.S. Senate, making clear that a write-in candidate was far preferable to a man accused of sexual misconduct.
Days before the pivotal race, Shelby, who is Alabama’s senior senator, said he had already cast an absentee ballot for another, unspecified Republican, even as other prominent state Republicans fell in line behind Moore.
Moore faces Democrat Doug Jones in the special election Tuesday to replace Jeff Sessions, now the U.S. attorney general.

Carson Wentz, QB, Philadelphia Eagles: Wentz exited the game against the Rams late in the third quarter with an undisclosed injury, and was quickly declared out due to a knee injury. He came up limping after absorbing multiple hits on a touchdown run that was negated by a holding penalty. Wentz stayed in the game for the remainder of the drive, which he capped with a fourth-down touchdown throw to Alshon Jeffery that gave the Eagles the lead.
Following the series, Wentz went to the trainers tent to be evaluated, and then was taken to the locker room a short time later. Nick Foles immediately began practicing snaps with center Jason Kelce on the sideline in anticipation of going in.
Late in the fourth quarter, ESPN's Adam Schefter reported that the Eagles are concerned that Wentz has torn his ACL, which would end his season.

Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) is calling on President Donald Trump to resign over the more than a dozen sexual misconduct allegations against him.
Booker made the comments Saturday during a campaign event in Alabama to support Doug Jones, the state’s Democratic candidate for Senate. Jones is engaged in a tight race against embattled Republican candidate Roy Moore, whose campaign has been dogged by sexual misconduct accusations. 
Booker told VICE News that the sexual harassment allegations against Trump are “far more damning” than the claims against Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.), who on Thursday announced his resignation from office after multiple women accused him of groping them.
“I just watched Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign,” Booker said. “My question is — why isn’t Donald Trump doing the same thing? Who has more serious allegations against him, with more women who have come forward.”

It’s standard practice for the league to review injuries and protocols, but there’s nothing standard about a player who suffers an apparent head injury and isn’t immediately removed from play.
On Sunday in Houston, Texans quarterback Tom Savage seemed to be in distress after taking a big hit from 49ers pass rusher Elvis Dumervil. Per a source with knowledge of the situation, Savage was cleared by the unaffiliated neurotrama consultant to return to action. After he did, a Texans trainer noticed that something was amiss with Savage, prompting a trip to the locker room for a full evaluation. At that point, Savage was diagnosed with a concussion and shut down for the day.
The video shows Savage’s hands shaking after the hit. Per the source, however, that video was not available to sideline personnel. And that likely will be one of the key questions that the league explores, given that video routinely is reviewed by the professionals on the sideline who are responsible for deciding whether a player should or shouldn’t return to the game.

After a three-point first half, the Jaguars-Seahawks tilt exploded into a back-and-forth thrill ride in the second half, which featured a 31-point third quarter. At one point, Jacksonville scored on three consecutive plays from scrimmage and with 10 minutes left to go in the game, the Jags had extended their lead to 27-10, thanks to brilliant throws from Blake Bortles and skillful special teams play. But Russell Wilson responded with yet another sterling fourth quarter, cutting the lead to 30-24 with two quick TD strikes. Seattle got the ball back with over two minutes to go, but immediately went four-and-out, with the final stop coming as a result of an uncharacteristic Jaguars blitz. Jacksonville took control of the AFC South and its destiny with the win, while Seattle stayed one game behind the Los Angeles Rams in the NFC West and briefly fell out of the sixth seed in the NFC.

The winners of the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize have warned countries that possess nuclear weapons to eliminate their "instruments of insanity" or risk mutual destruction.
The stark warning came Sunday as this year's peace prize was presented at a ceremony in Oslo, Norway, to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
ICAN (International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons) campaigner and Hiroshima survivor, Setsuko Thurlow signs the Nobel protocol, during a press conference at the Norwegian Nobel Committee, in Oslo, Norway, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. As long as atomic bombs exist, a disaster is inevitable, the head of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, the winner of this year&#39;s Nobel Peace Prize, said Saturday. 
ICAN (International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons) campaigner and Hiroshima survivor, Setsuko Thurlow signs the Nobel protocol, during a press conference at the Norwegian Nobel Committee, in Oslo, Norway, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. As long as atomic bombs exist, a disaster is inevitable, the head of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, the winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize, said Saturday.

Three people have been arrested for allegedly throwing firebombs at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Goteborg, the second anti-Jewish attack in the Nordic nation in two days. Jewish groups condemned the attacks as “unconscionable” and demanded that authorities take action.
No one was injured in the attack late Saturday during a youth event at the synagogue and the adjacent Jewish center in Sweden’s second-largest city. Goteborg police spokesman Peter Nordengard said Sunday it is being investigated as an attempted arson.

The North Korean soldier shown on video dashing across the Demilitarized Zone and being shot five times — and surviving — was not that isolated country's typical defector. The overwhelming majority are women.
About 70% of the more than 31,000 defectors who have made it to South Korea since the end of the Korean War are women, according to the government’s Ministry of Unification. That figure has climbed in recent years, reaching about 80% from 2014-2016, and 85% this year.
The path to freedom for North Koreans usually begins by escaping across the long border with China, with the help of brokers who may lead them across Vietnam, Laos and Thailand before they finally make their way to South Korea.

The U.S. House of Representatives passed a resolution last week condemning "the ethnic cleansing" of Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar by that country's military.
The move, which is the first step to what could eventually lead to targeted sanctions against the Tatmadaw, the armed forces of Myanmar, came a day after Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, suggested that the Myanmar military may be guilty of genocide against the Muslim minority group.
Since August, more than 600,000 Rohingya have crossed into neighboring Bangladesh, where they live in squalid refugee camps. This exodus follows an army crackdown sparked by an Aug. 24 attack on Myanmar police posts and an army base by Rohingya insurgents.
The military insists its operations in Rakhine State are in response to a serious threat of insurgency. Myanmar's de-facto leader, Nobel Peace Prize Winner Aung San Suu Kyi, has defended the campaign.

Nikki R. Haley, the American ambassador to the United Nations, said on Sunday that women who have accused President Trump of sexual misconduct “should be heard,” a stunning break from the administration’s longstanding assertion that the allegations are false and that voters rightly dismissed them when they elected Mr. Trump.
Ms. Haley, a former governor and one of the highest-ranking women in Mr. Trump’s administration, refocused attention on the allegations against the president by insisting that his accusers should be treated no differently than the scores of women who have come forward in recent weeks with stories of sexual harassment and misconduct against other men.
“They should be heard, and they should be dealt with,” Ms. Haley said on CBS’s “Face the Nation.” “And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”

President Trump on Sunday slammed “the Fake News Media,” which he called “out of control,” after a string of major errors in reporting on his presidency emerged over the past week.
“Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media,” he tweeted. “They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them.”
The president continued, “Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!”
Trump’s comments came after a Washington Post reporter tweeted a misleading photo about the crowd size at Friday’s rally in Pensacola, Fla., during which Trump took aim at ABC News’ Brian Ross and CNN. 
In a now-deleted tweet, the Post’s Dave Weigel posted a photo of a half-empty arena to mock Trump for saying the rally was “packed to the rafters.”
But that photo was not taken while Trump was speaking. Trump tweeted photos showing the arena when it was full.
