
As wildfires ravaged California this year, thousands of firefighters have taken on the massive task of containing and extinguishing flames over hundreds of thousands of acres.
But it's not as simple as showing up and spraying water.
"We don't just put blue stuff on the red stuff," said Scott McLean, spokesman for the California Department of Fire and Forestry Protection, known as Cal Fire.
Wildfires constantly evolve based on weather conditions. That forces firefighters and their incident commanders to constantly re-evaluate their approaches and strategies, including where to position people, equipment and logistical support.

The Iraqi military has "fully liberated" all of Iraq's territory of "ISIS terrorist gangs" and retaken full control of the Iraqi-Syrian border, it said Saturday in a statement.
"Our heroic armed forces have now secured the entire length of the Iraq-Syria border," Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi said on his Twitter account. "We defeated Daesh (ISIS) through our unity and sacrifice for the nation. Long live Iraq and its people."
ISIS, an acronym for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, rapidly captured large territories in Iraq and Syria and declared a caliphate in 2014. The group controlled more than 34,000 square miles of territory from the Mediterranean coast to south of Baghdad.
The campaign to eradicate the Islamic State took more than three years and about 25,000 coalition airstrikes. Iraqi forces have increasingly been pushing ISIS out of the country over the past few months. Troops last month retook the town of Rawa, one of ISIS's last footholds in the country. At that point, only pockets of ISIS resistance remained.

President Donald Trump offered a raucous retelling of his first year’s accomplishments at a campaign-style rally in Pensacola, Fla., making sure to tell voters who crossed the state line from Alabama that they should vote for Republican Roy Moore Dec. 12 to keep his agenda going.
Moore, a twice-removed Alabama Supreme Court chief justice, is in a tight race against Democrat Doug Jones after Moore was accused of sexual misconduct with a 14-year-old girl and several other teenagers when he was in his 30s.
"The future of this country cannot afford to lose a seat in the very, very close United States Senate,"  Trump said Dec. 8 at the Pensacola Bay Center, which is less than 30 miles from the Alabama border. "We need someone in that Senate seat who will vote for our Make America Great agenda … so get out and vote for Roy Moore."
Trump repeated some of his most prolific falsehoods since beating Democrat Hillary Clinton on Election Day and continued to attack the "fake news" media.

Amid backlash and boycotts, President Trump addressed a private gathering Saturday at the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum in Jackson — instead of speaking at the public opening ceremony.
The change in venue came after Trump’s plans to visit the museum, which honors civil rights martyrs, drew criticism from those who marched in the movement.
“President Trump’s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum,” U.S. Reps. John Lewis (D-Ga.) and Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) said in a joint statement Thursday.

Both Israelis and Palestinians claim the city as their political capital and as a sacred religious site. Israel controls the entirety of the city. Any peace deal would need to resolve that.
The city’s status has been disputed, at least officially, since the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Before that, the United Nations had designated Jerusalem as a special international zone. During the war, Israel seized the city’s western half. It seized the eastern half during the next Arab-Israeli war, in 1967.
Most foresee a peace deal that gives western Jerusalem to Israel and eastern Jerusalem to a future Palestinian state.
The United States, in order to present itself as a dispassionate broker, long considered Jerusalem’s status to be a conflict issue that was up to Israelis and Palestinians to decide. Mr. Trump is breaking with that traditional neutrality.

President Trump, armed with fresh ammunition against the mainstream media, fired off “fake news” attacks on Twitter after CNN incorrectly reported that his campaign received access to hacked emails well before the group WikiLeaks made the files public.
Trump called the mistake “vicious and purposeful” and said CNN’s slogan should be “THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!” in a series of tweets Saturday morning.
“Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?” Trump said.

Egypt on Saturday announced the discovery of two small ancient tombs in the southern city Luxor dating back some 3,500 years and hoped it will help the country’s efforts to revive its ailing tourism sector.
The tombs, located on the west bank of the river Nile in a cemetery for noblemen and top officials, are the latest discovery in the city famed for its temples and tombs spanning different dynasties of ancient Egyptian history.
“It’s truly an exceptional day,” Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said. “The 18th dynasty private tombs were already known. But it’s the first time to enter inside the two tombs.”
Al-Anani said the discoveries are part of the ministry’s efforts to promote Egypt’s vital tourism industry, partially driven by antiquities sightseeing, that was hit hard by extremist attacks and political turmoil following the 2011 uprising.
The ministry said one tomb has a courtyard lined with mud-brick and stone walls and contains a six-meter (yard) burial shaft leading to four side chambers. The artifacts found inside were mostly fragments of wooden coffins. Wall inscriptions and paintings suggest it belongs to era between the reigns of King Amenhotep II and King Thutmose IV, both pharaohs of the 18th dynasty.

China expressed pessimism about bringing the North Korean standoff to a peaceful resolution, even as Kim Jong Un’s regime touted new United Nations support for “regular” talks. 
Chinese Foreign Minster Wang Yi said Saturday “the outlook is not optimistic” on the Korean Peninsula and urged all sides to end what he said was a “vicious cycle” of confrontation. Wang’s remarks -- part of a broad foreign policy speech in Beijing -- came hours after North Korea said a departing UN delegation had agreed to communications to help ease tensions.
Wang said there was still hope for a diplomatic solution to the frictions over North Korea’s nuclear ambitions. He reiterated a Chinese "freeze-for-freeze" proposal for North Korea to suspend weapons tests while the U.S. halts military drills in the area. “The first step to pull the situation on the peninsula out of the current ‘black hole’ of confrontation is to create the conditions and atmosphere to restart dialogue,” Wang said.

Voters can use the next general election to have their say on a final Brexit deal, Michael Gove has said.
The environment secretary praised Theresa May's "tenacity and skill" in securing a last-minute deal to end phase one negotiations on Friday.
But, writing in the Daily Telegraph, he said if British people "dislike the arrangement", they can change it.
Reports suggest the cabinet will meet on 19 December to discuss its "end state" plans for Brexit.
This is just two days before Parliament's two-week Christmas recess.
So, did 'soft Brexit' just win?
Mr Gove, one of the cabinet's leading Brexiteers, said the primary agreement between the two sides had "set the scene for phase two" negotiations - where issues such as trade will be discussed.
But he said that "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed" at the end of the process.

The author of an article that U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller believes Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort ghost-wrote in violation of a gag order said on Saturday he had sought input on the op-ed before publishing to avoid errors.
On Friday, Mueller unveiled evidence against Manafort to convince a judge that he wrote the article to improve his public image. Manafort is facing charges as part of an investigation into accusations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
The op-ed was published on Thursday in the English-language Kyiv Post under the byline of Oleg Voloshyn, a former spokesman for Ukraine's foreign affairs ministry.
In a telephone call with Reuters, Voloshyn said he wrote the article, but before publishing had shown it to Konstantin Kilimnik, a Ukrainian whom Mueller alluded to in a filing earlier this week as having ties to Russian intelligence.

Storms that yielded recording-breaking snowfall in the South during the week hit the Northeast on Friday evening and could continue causing problems throughout the weekend.
Winter Storm Benji was moving up the East Coast, with heavy snow predicted for a 2,000-mile stretch from the Deep South to New England. Some spots could see as much as 10 to 15 inches of snow pile up, forecasters said.
Winter weather warnings were issued Friday for parts of Massachusetts and northern Virginia, with travel expected to be hazardous in the Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington, D.C., metro areas. Officials warned that travel would be hazardous in those regions. 
Winter weather advisories were issued from Maine to northern Virginia.

Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton’s top pick to fill Sen. Al Franken’s Senate seat, Lt. Gov. Tina Smith, is considering also running for the seat next year, as Dayton faces pressure from top Democrats in Washington to appoint more than a mere caretaker, according to two Democrats familiar with the discussions.
Franken said Thursday he would resign over allegations of sexual harassment, leaving Dayton to appoint a replacement until a special election next November to complete Franken’s term, which runs through 2020.
Dayton’s initial inclination was to pick Smith, a longtime aide and his second-in-command since 2015, to serve as a placeholder until next year’s election, a Democratic official told The Associated Press. The official requested anonymity because the official was not authorized to discuss private deliberations surrounding the appointment before Dayton’s announcement.
