
Palestinian protesters and Israeli security forces clashed Friday in Jerusalem and the West Bank amid heightened tensions in the region and elsewhere over US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
One man, a 30-year-old Palestinian, was shot and killed during clashes in eastern Gaza, Palestinian Authority's Ministry of Health said, with more than 200 people injured across the West Bank, Gaza and Jerusalem, 50 of whom needed hospital treatment.
Most of the injuries were minor, the ministry said, adding that they were caused by bullets, rubber bullets, tear gas and asphyxiation.
An Israeli army statement said what it called violent riots had broken out in about 30 locations Friday afternoon across the West Bank and Gaza.
About 3,000 protesters have been involved in the West Bank unrest, it said, with six people arrested and about 10 injured.

The Labor Department released its official hiring and unemployment figures for November on Friday morning, providing the latest snapshot of the American economy.
• 228,000 jobs were added last month. Wall Street economists had expected an increase of about 200,000, according to Bloomberg.
• Average earnings rose by 5 cents an hour and are up 2.5 percent over the past year.
The American job market is the strongest it’s been in a decade, and arguably the strongest since 2000. The United States has now added jobs for 86 consecutive months — a downward blip in September was later revised to show a small gain — and the unemployment rate is lower than it ever got during the last boom, which ended when the housing bubble burst. Even wage growth, long the weak spot in an otherwise strong recovery, is showing signs of picking up.
“It’s a really, really strong economy,” said Tom Gimbel, chief executive of LaSalle Network, a staffing firm in Chicago. “Companies really want to take advantage of the economy, so they want to hire and get while the getting’s good.”

Fires raged on in much of Southern California on Friday, as fast-moving flames scorched more than 158,000 acres across four counties, blackening the air and forcing closures of schools and roadways.
In San Diego County, where a small grass fire that broke out Thursday morning had grown by night to 4,100 acres, residents near Bonsall and Oceanside scrambled to heed evacuation orders. At least six people were injured, and at least 65 structures destroyed.
Brian Jones, a concrete contractor from Bonsall, dropped off his horses at the county fairgrounds after fleeing his home. “I didn’t want to leave,” Mr. Jones said. And then the flames “started coming over the ridge, right at the edge of our development, and it was ‘Oh, boy — time to go.’”
Evacuation orders were lifted late Thursday in parts of Los Angeles and Riverside Counties, but the situation remained dire in Ventura County, where 132,000 acres had burned and more than 430 structures were destroyed. That fire, just 10 percent contained, threatened to cross on Friday into Santa Barbara County, where new evacuations had been ordered.
“This fire just keeps on going on us,” said Capt. Israel Pinzon, a spokesman for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.

Rep. Trent Franks, an Arizona Republican who is among the most conservative members of the House, said he would resign his seat after House officials learned that he had asked two female employees to bear his child as a surrogate.
Franks’s announcement came as the House Ethics Committee said it would create a special subcommittee to investigate Franks for conduct “that constitutes sexual harassment and/or retaliation for opposing sexual harassment.”
His resignation, which Franks said is effective Jan. 31, will end the ethics investigation.

Candidate Donald Trump, his son Donald Trump Jr. and others in the Trump Organization received an email in September 2016 offering a decryption key and website address for hacked WikiLeaks documents, according to an email provided to congressional investigators.
The September 4 email was sent during the final stretch of the 2016 presidential race -- on the same day that Trump Jr. first tweeted about WikiLeaks and Clinton.
"WIKILEAKS: Hillary Clinton Sent THOUSANDS of Classified Cables Marked "(C)" for Confidential," he tweeted, sharing a story from the Gateway Pundit, a conservative, pro-Trump website.
The email came two months after the hacked emails of the Democratic National Committee were made public and one month before WikiLeaks began leaking the contents of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's hacked emails. It arrived less than three weeks before WikiLeaks itself messaged Trump Jr. and began an exchange of direct messages on Twitter.

A band of cold air that delivered a rare blanket of snow to parts of southern Texas rolled through the Deep South on Friday bringing threats of more weekend snow, sleet and dicey travel conditions from the Mid-Atlantic to New England.
Parts of Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana and Mississippi reported snow flurries before dawn. In Georgia, nearly two dozen school systems closed ahead of the wintry weather.
“It’s the first snow of the season and any time you even mention snow in the South, you’re going to get people a little panicky,” said David Nadler, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service’s office south of Atlanta.
This first taste of winter will vary along the path across the South, with sleet and snow expected — but not certain — in much of Virginia, but likely producing snow in larger amounts farther north in New York City, Massachusetts and Maine.
The National Weather Service said a half inch to an inch of snow is forecast across many areas of the South by Friday night. Winter weather advisories have been posted for parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and the Carolinas. The advisories were issued for cities including Baton Rouge, La., Hattiesburg, Miss., and Birmingham, Ala.

The Irish border deal hammered out after objections from the Democratic Unionist party has inadvertently edged Britain towards a soft Brexit deal, political leaders in Ireland have said.
Ireland’s prime minister said he was delighted with the deal because it not only delivered an invisible border with Northern Ireland but the DUP clause had unexpectedly delivered a new promise of barrier-free trade between the whole of Ireland and the UK in the event of no deal.
Leo Varadkar pledged that May would have “no closer friend” in the next stage of negotiations on the back of the agreement on the Irish border.
He said it was in Ireland’s interest to help Britain get a deep and ambitious deal because Ireland wanted to preserve the £50bn-a-year trade it does with the UK, its biggest export partner.

The UN's Monusco mission said the peacekeepers were attacked by suspected rebels of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) in North Kivu province.
Five soldiers with the DR Congo's armed forces (FARDC) were also killed.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres described it as the worst attack on UN peacekeepers in recent history.
He sent his condolences to Tanzania, their home country.
DR Congo has suffered years of instability with rival groups fighting for control of territory.
A Monusco statement said rebels had launched an attack against an operating base at Semuliki in Beni territory on Thursday evening.
"This resulted in protracted fighting between suspected ADF elements and Monusco and FARDC Forces," it added.

President Trump hosted his first White House Hanukkah party on Thursday night, where he touted his administration's decision to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel.
Trump hosted hundreds of attendees at the White House for the party, with a guest list that had been narrowed from previous administrations.
Congressional Democrats, as well as Jewish leaders who have been critical of Trump, were excluded from receiving invitations this year, The New York Times reported.
Meanwhile, the two Jewish Republican members of Congress, Reps. Lee Zeldin (N.Y.) and David Kustoff (Tenn.), were attending the party, their offices confirmed to the Times.
Trump's move the previous day to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel and set in motion a plan to move the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem was celebrated at the party Thursday. The decision was praised by pro-Israel voices but condemned by the Palestinians and others.

Pope Francis has called for a translation of a phrase about temptation in the Lord's Prayer to be changed.
The current wording that says "lead us not into temptation" is not a good translation because God does not lead humans to sin, he says.
His suggestion is to use "do not let us fall into temptation" instead, he told Italian TV on Wednesday night.
The Lord's Prayer is the best-known prayer in Christianity.
The pontiff said France's Roman Catholic Church was now using the new wording "do not let us fall into temptation" as an alternative, and something similar should be used worldwide.
"Do not let me fall into temptation because it is I who fall, it is not God who throws me into temptation and then sees how I fell," he told TV2000, an Italian Catholic TV channel.
"A father does not do that, a father helps you to get up immediately."
It is a translation from the Latin Vulgate, a 4th-Century Latin translation of the Bible, which itself was translated from ancient Greek, Hebrew and Aramaic.

Al Franken began his rise as a Democratic politician nine years ago by reluctantly apologizing to women for things he had said and written, enabling him to put his career as a bawdy comedian behind him and win a U.S. Senate seat.
You could argue that he never really got the hang of contrition. On Thursday, Franken stood in the Senate chamber after a string of half-apologies had failed to end a weeks-long groping scandal, and announced that he will resign his seat without so much as an “I'm sorry.”

The US District Court for the District of Columbia judge presiding over the criminal case for President Donald Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn has been recused from handling the case, a court spokeswoman said on Thursday.
According to a court filing, Judge Rudolph Contreras, who presided over a December 1 hearing where Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russia, will no longer handle the case.
The spokeswoman, Lisa Klem, did not say why Contreras was recused and added that the case was randomly reassigned.
Reuters could not immediately learn the reason for the recusal or reach Contreras.
An attorney for Flynn declined to comment.
