
Doug Jones’s defeat of Roy S. Moore in Tuesday’s bitterly fought special Senate election was one of the most unlikely upsets in recent campaign history. But the Democrats’ victory in Alabama carries some more immediate political implications.
Voters in Alabama’s cities and most affluent suburbs overwhelmingly rejected Mr. Moore’s candidacy, an ominous sign for Republicans on the ballot next year in upscale districts. In Jefferson County, which includes Birmingham and some of the state’s wealthiest enclaves, Mr. Jones, the Democratic candidate, captured more than 68 percent of the vote. And in Madison County, home to Huntsville and a large NASA facility, Mr. Jones won 57 percent of the vote.
While these Alabamians, many of them women, may have been appalled by the claims of sexual misconduct against Mr. Moore, results like these were not isolated to this race. They mirrored returns in last month’s statewide and legislative races in Virginia, a state filled with well-heeled suburbanites.

Senior White House aide Omarosa Manigault Newman, the former star of the initial season of "The Apprentice" and a longtime supporter of President Trump, is leaving the White House next month.
Her resignation is effective Jan. 20, according to White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Manigault Newman serves as director of communications for the White House Office of Public Liaison.
The White House aide was better known as a reality television star, beginning with the first season of "The Apprentice." She was famous enough to go by one name: Omarosa.
Manigault Newman had served as Trump's chief adviser on African-American issues in the White House. In June, she attacked the Congressional Black Caucus for "showboating" and refusing to meet with President Trump.

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions, backing away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that giving up its nuclear arsenal would be part of any negotiations.
Tillerson’s new diplomatic overture comes nearly two weeks after North Korea said it had successfully tested a breakthrough intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire United States mainland within range of its nuclear weapons.
“Let’s just meet,” Tillerson said in a speech to Washington’s Atlantic Council think tank on Tuesday.
The White House later issued an ambiguous statement that left unclear whether President Donald Trump - who has said Tillerson was wasting his time pursuing dialogue with North Korea - had given his approval for the speech.

Sen. Chuck Schumer’s office says the Senate Democratic Leader was the target of an attempted smear campaign in which someone forged a sexual harassment claim against him and shopped phony court documents to major media outlets.
Schumer’s office told ABC News that it has filed a report with the Capitol Police.
The 13-page document, which ABC had obtained from sources, resembles a legal complaint filed by a former Schumer staffer in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. It appears to detail alleged incidents of sexual harassment directed at one of his female staffers on Capitol Hill.
During a phone conversation, the former staffer said flatly that she never experienced any misconduct during her time on Schumer’s staff and never filed a complaint with the Hill’s Office of Compliance.
“The claims in this document are completely false, my signature is forged and even basic facts about me are wrong,” the former staffer listed as the plaintiff in the document told ABC News in a statement.

A day after President Trump called her out in a tweet, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) hit back in an appearance on the “Today” show, calling Trump a “bully” and the tweet a “sexist smear.”
The senator also repeatedly returned the conversation back to the multiple sexual misconduct allegations against Trump, which she believed was the reason the president lashed out at her on Twitter in the first place.
In Trump’s Tuesday-morning tweet, he said Gillibrand used to go to his New York office “ ‘begging’ for campaign contributions” and “would do anything for them.” 

Three Florida men seen in a viral video laughing and smiling as a shark gets dragged behind a high-speed boat have been charged with animal cruelty.
Michael Wenzel, 25; Robert Lee Benac, 28; and Spencer Heintz, 23, were all charged with two felony counts of aggravated animal cruelty, according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission and the Hillsborough County State Attorney's Office. Wenzel and Benac were also charged with one count each of illegal method of take, a misdemeanor.
Florida wildlife officials began investigating after the video surfaced on social media in July. It showed a shark being dragged behind a high-speed boat.
Three men in the video, excluding the individual who shot the footage, are seen laughing and smiling as the animal visibly struggles in the boat's wake. One of the men says the shark looks "almost dead."

Hoping a thaw in relations with China will reopen opportunities after a diplomatic spat earlier this year cost many of them business, some 300 South Korean executives joined President Moon Jae-in for the start of his four-day trip to China on Wednesday.
The delegation was the largest to accompany a South Korean leader abroad, and reflected the value the firms placed on mending ties with their country’s biggest trading partner.
Trade and business exchanges between the two countries froze earlier this year after South Korea deployed U.S.-made Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-missile system regardless of vehement objections from Beijing.
Among those who travelled were executives from some of the firms hit hardest by the backlash, including Lotte Group and cosmetics and entertainment firms such as Amorepacific and S.M. Entertainment.

Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told Arab and Islamic leaders on Wednesday that the United States is no longer fit to broker an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal and should be replaced as mediator by the United Nations, outlining a significant policy shift in response to President Donald Trump’s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.
In an impassionate speech, Abbas said his people will no longer accept the United States as a peace broker but added that they remain committed to international resolutions which have formed the basis of the process.

Arctic temperatures are continuing to rise while sea ice declines, a new report has found, with the region showing no sign of returning to its "reliably frozen" state.
The report, sponsored by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), shows that in 2017 a warming trend in the Arctic continued, resulting in higher surface and water temperatures and melting sea ice.
Some 85 researchers from a dozen countries contributed to the Arctic Report Card, now in its 12th year.
"While 2017 saw fewer records shattered than in 2016, the Arctic shows no sign of returning to the reliably frozen region it was decades ago. Arctic temperatures continue to increase at double the rate of the global temperature increase," a NOAA news release on the report said.
The report card indicates that this may be the "new normal" for the region.

A 10-year-old boy at a school in Okinawa was slightly injured when a transport helicopter from a nearby U.S. Marine Corps base lost a windshield as it flew overhead.
A statement from U.S. Forces, Japan, confirmed that a window from a CH-53E helicopter "fell onto the sports field of Daini Futenma Elementary School outside of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. The aircraft immediately returned to MCAS Futenma and reported the incident."
Japan's Kyodo news agency says the 17-pound helicopter window and frame landed about 15 feet from the nearest child on what the news agency described as a "playground" and that the boy was hurt when gravel was thrown up by the impact.
"The safety of children should come first. It is unforgivable that it dropped in the middle of the playground," Okinawa Gov. Takeshi Onaga told reporters as he visited the site of Tuesday's crash, according to Kyodo.

A large swath of Michigan, including all of Metro Detroit, is under a winter storm warning, according to the National Weather Service. 
The warning stretches from Muskegon through Detroit and through most lower-central communities through the state. 
Snow had already started to fall before 9 a.m. in many communities. Five to 8 inches of snow is expected throughout the day, according to the latest advisory. The heaviest is expected Wednesday afternoon when snow could fall at a rate greater than an inch per hour.
"If you must travel," a note on the weather warning says, "keep an extra flashlight, food and water in your vehicle in case of an emergency." 
For those who don't have the choice but to commute, county and local road commissions and public works departments will be working to clear the roads.

A New York appeals court Tuesday tossed out a Republican consultant’s attempt to revive her $4 million defamation case against President Donald Trump, accusing him of hurting her career after he called her a “real dummy” on Twitter.
Cheryl Jacobus filed a million-dollar lawsuit against Trump after her appearance on CNN last year in February where she criticized the campaign for lack of transparency.
The appearance prompted Trump to attack Jacobus on social media, calling her a “real dummy” who “begged” for a job with his campaign.
In another tweet, Trump said Jacobus “went hostile” after not getting a job with his campaign, adding “Major lose, zero credibility!”
The consultant claims then-candidate Trump’s comments cost her TV appearances and inspired a bullying campaign from his supporters.
