
An amateur terror attack struck the Port Authority Bus Terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square on Monday morning, injuring three people and causing chaos in one of the busiest commuter hubs in the city, officials said.
Police identified the suspect allegedly behind the New York bus terminal explosion as Akayed Ullah, 27, and said the attack appears to be isolated.
Latest developments
Firefighters arrived on Eighth Avenue near the scene of a reported explosion on Monday morning in Manhattan.
Firefighters arrived on Eighth Avenue near the scene of a reported explosion on Monday morning in Manhattan.
Type of device: Ullah wore an "improvised low-tech explosive device attached to his body," which he intentionally detonated, Police Commissioner James O'Neill said.
Being treated: Ullah is now at Bellevue Hospital, where he is being treated for lacerations and burns to his hands and abdomen, New York City Fire Department Commissioner Daniel Nigro said.

Three women who publicly accused President Trump of sexual misconduct shared their stories on the Today show Monday and spoke of the retaliation they've suffered since coming forward.
In an interview with Megyn Kelly, Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Cooks spoke about their interactions with Trump. The president has denied all of the accusations, and during the interview, the White House released a statement slamming the "false claims."
The White House said the "timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes" and reiterated that the American people "voiced their judgment" by electing the president.
The interview came hours before a news conference where the three women plan to demand that Congress investigate their claims.

Alabama Democrats see Tuesday’s special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state’s reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump’s agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham’s 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump’s attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.

The Thomas fire raged with a new force through the weekend, expanding from Ventura County and crossing into Santa Barbara County to threaten Carpinteria and Montecito. Some of this beautiful landscape known for vineyards and beach views was subsumed in a mushroom cloud. “This region is the landscape of dreams, or so the mythology goes,” writes Times reporter Thomas Curwen. “Newcomers arrive. They raise the roof beam high over the simplest foundations and pass on to a new generation the hope that they too might believe in this sun-drenched paradise. Time, however, has cast a shadow on this pact, and it sometimes feels like a distant romance. Yet glimpses of it can still be seen, as the fires of this last week have shown.” Los Angeles Times
Parts of the coastal communities of Carpinteria and Montecito were evacuated as the Thomas fire grew and created new challenges for the exhausted fire crews. Authorities said the out-of-control blaze had scorched 230,000 acres by Sunday evening, making it the fifth-largest wildfire in modern California history.

President Donald Trump on Monday disputed a New York Times report that he watches hours of cable news programming as part of his daily routine, and he bashed CNN and MSNBC for good measure.
"Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News," Trump tweeted.
The Times on Saturday reported that the president consumes "long spells of cable news," including the big three cable news networks — CNN, MSNBC and Fox News — to get caught up on news, to hone his message and to rev himself up for a day of political jousting.
Trump, the Times reported, often "flips to CNN for news, moves to 'Fox & Friends' for comfort and messaging ideas, and sometimes watches MSNBC’s 'Morning Joe' because, friends suspect, it fires him up for the day." The president "spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television," according to the report.

Guillermo Del Toro’s “The Shape of Water,” Steven Spielberg’s “The Post,” and Martin McDonagh’s “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” were among the big winners as nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were unveiled in the wee hours on Monday morning.
“Three Billboards,” a revenge drama, “The Post,” a dramatic re-telling of the Pentagon Papers saga, and “The Shape of Water,” an offbeat story about the romance between a mute cleaning lady and a fish-like creature, earned best film and director nods, in addition to picking up nominations for the performances of several of its actors. “The Shape of Water” nabbed a leading seven nominations, while “Three Billboards” and “The Post” picked up six apiece. The other best drama nominees were Christopher Nolan’s World War II epic “Dunkirk” and Luca Guadagnino’s lyrical romance “Call Me by Your Name.”

President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia undertook a whirlwind tour to his new allies in the Middle East on Monday, underscoring the extension of Russia’s influence in the region and the continuing shrinkage of the United States’ role.
Mr. Putin touched down in rapid succession in Syria and Egypt, where he met briefly with their leaders, and planned to head later in the day for Turkey.
His excursion came as anger at the United States was running high over President Trump’s unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem, the third holiest city in Islam, as the capital of Israel. That decision has helped isolate the United States and Israel, angering allies in Europe and the Arab world while helping to convince the Arab public that the United States is solidly anti-Muslim.
In Brussels on Monday, for example, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel was firmly rebuffed when he encouraged the European Union to “recognize the facts” and endorse Mr. Trump’s action.

Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years, in the latest social push by the country’s young crown prince.
It’s the latest stark reversal in a county where movie theaters were shut down in the 1980s during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia’s clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt and Lebanon as sinful.
Despite decades of ultraconservative dogma, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has sought to ram through a number of major social reforms with support from his father, King Salman.

Amid fears that North Korea is rapidly developing its submarine-launched ballistic missile technology, the United States, Japan and South Korea are teaming up for a drill to track such hard-to-detect missiles, military officials said Monday.
The drill is taking place over two days in waters between Japan and the Korean Peninsula, said South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff, and will involve destroyers from the three nations doing computer-simulated training to track submarine missile launchings by North Korea.
The drills come in the wake of news reports that North Korea is making progress developing submarine-launched ballistic missiles, or SLBMs. The website 38 North, based at the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University, obtained images of cylindrical objects, evidence that “suggests construction of a new submarine” at a facility on North Korea’s east coast.

People who’ve survived Bali’s Kerobokan prison have used many terms to describe it: overcrowded, understaffed, drug-filled, brutally violent.
One term they never use: escape-proof.
An American arrested on a drug charge this summer and sent to Kerobokan escaped from the prison on Monday, the latest person to abscond from the notorious facility.
Prison officials say Chrishan Beasley sawed through steel bars above his cell with a hacksaw, then used a rope to shimmy down a wall, according to the Associated Press. He may have overcome a final obstacle — a wall in an area under construction — using a ladder that workers...

The GOP tax bill that emerges from negotiations as soon as this week could prove less sweet for the Mars family than the candy-making magnates hope. 
House Republicans, backed by some deep-pocketed outside interests, are angling for the final package to include a full repeal of the estate tax, long a conservative bête noire that falls on a vanishingly tiny slice of the population. But Senate GOP leaders will draw a red line on their proposal to double its exemption to $22 million for couples, a Republican Senate aide tells me, saving $68 billion over the House version. 

The dust has begun to settle over how to view the Michael Flynn guilty plea and plea agreement.
The partisans have all weighed in on whether the plea is a “big nothing” or a critical crack in the president’s armor. The talking heads have now moved on to the issues du jour: did the president’s personal attorney, John Dowd, actually author Trump’s seemingly confessional tweet over why he fired Flynn (“he lied to the VP and the FBI”)? Is Trump, as president, “above the law” so that he simply cannot be charged with obstruction — or, maybe, any other crime — no matter how compelling the evidence against him?

