
An application to wiretap a former associate of President Trump’s campaign in fall 2016 “made only narrow use” of information provided by a former British spy who compiled a notorious dossier about Mr. Trump and Russia, according to a memo released by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee on Saturday.
Democrats on the committee wrote the document to counter a Republican memo that portrayed as scandalous the application to wiretap Carter Page, the former Trump campaign associate.
The Republican memo accused law enforcement officials of abusing their surveillance powers because they relied on information provided by the former spy, Christopher Steele, without saying his research into purported links between Mr. Trump and Russia was financed by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
The Democrats, calling the Republican memo deeply misleading, produced the rebuttal to detail what they said were inaccurate claims and material omissions.

U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein failed to win the official endorsement of the California Democratic Party as she seeks her fifth term, another sign that the party is divided over how best to battle Republicans in Washington.
Democratic activists were more eager to back her primary challenger, state Senate leader Kevin de Leon, who is touting himself as a fresh face with stronger progressive credentials, particularly on immigration.
However, he too failed to earn the 60 percent support needed to win the endorsement Saturday at Democrats' annual convention. That means neither candidate will get the party's seal of approval or extra campaign cash leading into the June primary.
With Democrats still licking their wounds from the 2016 election, some of the party's biggest stars, including U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris and U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters, urged unity ahead of the midterm elections. They reminded more than 3,000 activists gathered this weekend that President Donald Trump is their common enemy.

That’s how a biographer described Xi Jinping after China’s Communist Party floated a momentous proposal to lift the two-term limit on the presidency. It’s almost certain to pass during the annual session of China’s congress, which begins next Monday.
Mr. Xi has been increasingly wielding his power. The government’s takeover of the debt-ridden Anbang Insurance Group sent a blunt warning against corporate debt, and he is sending his top economic policymaker to Washington this week to address trade frictions.

The 23rd Winter Olympics wrapped up in Pyeongchang, South Korea, with a rousing closing ceremony that included K-pop and a conga line. (Here’s the medal count: Norway claimed the most, South Korea was first among Asian nations, and Australia came away with three.)
These Games are likely to be most remembered for the scandal over Russian doping and for the brief unity of the Koreas — an extraordinary diplomatic moment that raised the possibility of renewed international talks with the North.
Our correspondents look at whether South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in, can turn the Olympic truce into a lasting peace, a challenge made tougher by new U.S. sanctions targeting the North’s clandestine shipping fleet.

Thousands of students at Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School are preparing to return to classes this week amid an intensifying controversy over law enforcement efforts to halt the slaughter Feb. 14.
A "variety of support services" were available at a campus orientation Sunday for staff, students and families less than two weeks after the rampage left 17 people dead and more than a dozen wounded.
Cameron Kasky, 17-year-old survivor-turned activist, urged others to be kind to one another, "Even if it's not easy. We all mess up; there’s nothing wrong with that."
Fellow student Jaclyn Corin tweeted, "Going back to school for the first time ... this movement is for the 17."
Monday and Tuesday will be staff planning days, and classes resume Wednesday on a modified schedule. The full class schedule is set to resume March 5. The freshman building, where the carnage took place, will remain closed, and tentative plans call for its demolition.

Samsung just announced the Galaxy S9, and now we’re getting details on how much retailers and wireless carriers are going to charge for it. The cheapest way to get the phone (without a trade-in) is through Samsung itself. But pricing gets surprisingly more complicated when you bring in wireless carriers: AT&T and Verizon are charging extra, but they’re also offering trade-in discounts that can more than offset the price increase.
Here are the details we have so far — we’ll be updating with more info as it comes out. In all cases, preorders start March 2nd and sales start March 16th.

South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in, has worked hard to be a matchmaker in this month’s Winter Olympics, getting North and South Korea to march together in the opening ceremony and tirelessly urging visiting dignitaries from the North and the United States to talk.
But as the 16-day Games end on Sunday and the Olympic euphoria wears off, Mr. Moon may find the hard part of managing these relationships is just beginning.
On Sunday, Mr. Moon scored a potential diplomatic breakthrough when Kim Yong-chol, a senior North Korean official attending the closing ceremony, said the North was willing to open dialogue with the United States.
It was unclear whether Mr. Kim attached any preconditions. After Vice President Mike Pence met with the South’s leader this month, American officials said they were open to holding preliminary talks with North Korea — but only to reassert their position that sanctions and pressure will not let up until the North starts denuclearizing.

A new United Nations resolution demanding a cease-fire across Syria appeared to have little effect on Sunday, as Syrian government forces began new ground attacks against a rebel-held enclave east of Damascus, the capital, and continued aerial bombings that have killed more than 500 people there in the past week.
There were reports Sunday evening of a suspected chlorine attack, with one child killed in eastern Ghouta and 11 people suffering symptoms like labored breathing, according to medical staff supported by the Syrian American Medical Society.
The unabated violence was disappointing after days of haggling over the wording of the Security Council resolution, which passed Saturday with the approval of both Russia, which backs the Syrian government, and the United States, which opposes it.
“Actually there is no cease-fire at all,” Firas Abdullah, an anti-government activist in eastern Ghouta, said via internet chat. “Assad airplanes and Russian airplanes are still hitting the cities of eastern Ghouta. Now while I am talking, there is a helicopter from the Assad army, just flying above us.”

Six people have been taken to hospital after reports of an explosion and a fire in the Hinckley Road area of Leicester.
Police declared a "major incident" after reports of a blast just after 19:00 GMT.
A police spokesman said: "At this stage there is no indication this is terrorist related."
Carlisle Street and part of Hinckley Road have been closed and people are being asked to avoid the area.
Two of the six people taken to hospital are in a critical condition and the other four are "walking wounded", according to the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust.
Angel Namaala lives opposite the scene and told the BBC she had heard "this big thud, like an earthquake".
She added: "The building had gone down and people were trying to help where they could by taking the bricks off. But the fire was getting bigger and bigger so people were told to leave the scene."
Six fire engines have been at the scene, Leicestershire Police said. Flames could be seen rising from a building in the middle of a parade of shops.

Jerusalem church leaders on Sunday closed the Church of the Holy Sepulchre to protest announced plans by the city’s municipality earlier this month to collect property tax (arnona) from church-owned properties on which there are no houses of worship.
The legislation initiated by MK Rachel Azaria (Kulanu) would expropriate the ownership of lands that were sold by the church to private buyers.
Adeeb Jawad, the custodian of the keys of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre (MARC ISRAEL SELLEM/THE JERUSALEM POST)Adeeb Jawad, the custodian of the keys of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre (MARC ISRAEL SELLEM/THE JERUSALEM POST)
Two weeks ago, the municipality notified the Finance, Interior and Foreign ministries and the Prime Minister’s Office that it will start collecting a total of NIS 650 million in tax from 887 properties on which there are no houses of prayer. It said it has refrained from such tax collections thus far because the state did not allow it.
Azaria’s bill was set to be voted upon in the Ministerial Committee for Legislation but was postponed a week.
The church leaders dubbed the moves by Israeli authorities as a “systematic campaign of abuse against churches and Christians.”

Garba Sule was preparing for evening prayers when heavily armed Boko Haram jihadists rode into town last week in pickup trucks, firing hundreds of rounds into the air and demanding directions to the local girls’ school.
The camouflage-clad militants loaded up dozens of students from the Dapchi Government Girls Science and Technical College and drove them into the surrounding scrubland, according to eyewitnesses, schoolteachers and local officials. Among them: Mr. Sule’s 13-year-old daughter, Zara.
A week after the Feb. 19 attack, 110 schoolgirls from this remote town in northeastern Nigeria remain unaccounted for, stunning Africa’s most populous nation and rekindling memories of Boko Haram’s seizure of 276 girls from Chibok Government Secondary School in 2014.
That earlier attack, initially ignored by Nigeria’s government, ultimately prompted a global activist movement—#BringBackOurGirls. About half of the kidnapped Chibok schoolgirls either escaped or were ransomed; 112 remain missing. At least 13 are presumed dead. Boko Haram continues to hold thousands of abducted boys and girls.

A 22-year-old woman was fatally stabbed and an elderly man injured while coming to her aid in a stabbing at a public library in Massachusetts on Saturday.
The suspect, identified as 23-year-old Jeffrey Yao of Winchester, was arrested and charged with one count of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of murder, after the attack at the Winchester Public Library in a Boston suburb, Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan and Winchester Chief of Police Peter MacDonnell said in a press release.
Yao is being held without bail and will be arraigned on Monday.
“The preliminary investigation suggests that the female victim was seated at a table in the library when the suspect approached her, unprovoked, stabbing her multiple times,” according to authorities. They added that a 77-year-old man was stabbed in the arm while rushing to her aide.
Both victims, whose identities are not yet being released, were brought to local hospitals, where the female died. The man was still hospitaas of Saturday.

When Coral Springs police officers arrived at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on February 14 in the midst of the school shooting crisis, many officers were surprised to find not only that Broward County Sheriff's Deputy Scot Peterson, the armed school resource officer, had not entered the building, but that three other Broward County Sheriff's deputies were also outside the school and had not entered, Coral Springs sources tell CNN. The deputies had their pistols drawn and were behind their vehicles, the sources said, and not one of them had gone into the school.
With direction from the Broward deputies who were outside, Coral Springs police soon entered the building where the shooter was. New Broward County Sheriff's deputies arrived on the scene, and two of those deputies and an officer from Sunrise, Florida, joined the Coral Springs police as they went into the building.
Some Coral Springs police were stunned and upset that the four original Broward County Sheriff's deputies who were first on the scene did not appear to join them as they entered the school, Coral Springs sources tell CNN. It's unclear whether the shoote
