
The Supreme Court on Monday declined to clear the way for the Trump administration to end the Obama-era program that protects about 700,000 young immigrants from deportation, meaning that the so-called “Dreamers” could remain in legal limbo for months unless Congress acts to make their status permanent.
President Trump ended the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program last September, calling it an unconstitutional use of executive power by his predecessor and reviving the threat of deportation for immigrants who had been brought to the United States illegally as young children.
But two federal judges have ordered the administration to maintain major pieces of the program while legal challenges move forward, notably by requiring the administration to allow people enrolled in it to renew their protected status. The Supreme Court’s decision on Monday not to hear the government’s appeal will keep the program alive for months.

While urging governors to work with him on new school safety measures, President Trump again attacked officers Monday for not entering a Florida high school building and somehow engaging a gunman who killed 17 people dead with a military-style rifle.
"I really believe I'd run in there even if I didn't have a weapon, and I think most of the people in this room would have done that, too," Trump told a group of state governors gathered at the White House for talks on multiple issues.
Trump singled out a sheriff's deputy assigned to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., calling his lack of action during the Feb. 14 shooting "disgusting." But he also added: "You never know until you’re tested.”
Noting that local law enforcement officials had received warnings about the shooter's behavior, Trump said, "the only worse job is they didn’t nab this guy earlier.”

The Supreme Court heard fiery arguments Monday in a case that could remove a key revenue stream for public-sector unions.
A sharply divided court could be poised to overturn a 40-year-old Supreme Court decision that would further undermine an already shrinking union movement.
Attorneys for Mark Janus, a child support specialist for the state of Illinois, argue that people like Janus, who choose not to join a union shouldn't be compelled to pay partial union fees. The union argues that he should because he benefits from collective bargaining negotiations. The Supreme Court agreed in 1977, but that could change with the new conservative tilt of the court.
When a decision is reached, expected in June, all eyes will be on Trump-appointed justice, Neil Gorsuch, who was uncharacteristically quiet in Monday's proceedings. He asked no questions and will likely be the deciding vote, given that the other justices split 4-to-4 in a similar case last year. The case last year was decided just after the death of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, and the balance didn't seem to change Monday.

A federal appeals court in New York City ruled Monday that gay employees are allowed to sue their employers under federal civil-rights law for discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, an issue that has split courts across the country.
The decision by the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals follows a similar ruling last April by appeals judges in Chicago. After a federal appeals court in Atlanta ruled the opposite way last year, the plaintiffs in that case appealed to the Supreme Court, but the court declined the petition.
Legal experts said Monday’s ruling increases the likelihood the Supreme Court will take up the issue.
The case in New York focuses on a 2010 lawsuit brought by Donald Zarda, a gay skydiving instructor who alleged he was fired by his employer after a customer complained about Mr. Zarda’s disclosure of his sexual orientation during a jump with a female skydiver. Mr. Zarda died in 2015.
One of Mr. Zarda’s claims was that his employer had violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits employment discrimination based on “race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.”

How do I know him? Where have I seen him? The Man in the Hat looked familiar, I thought, as I peered over at him a second time.
It was Christmas Eve 2017. My family and I were about to be seated at a quaint restaurant in Manhattan’s West Village. We had just come from Gramercy Park—on the one night each year when the exclusive park (accessible only to nearby residents with special keys) opens its gates to outsiders. There had been carols. People had sung with abandon. In short, it was a magical night. I was happy.
Amid the glow of candles and soft lighting, I strained to look again at the Man in the Hat. He was part of a small group that had just exited the main dining room. They were now gathering their belongings, likely vacating what was to be our table. And then it clicked. He looks just like . . . no, couldn’t be. Could it?
A student of Karma, I found myself seizing the moment. Whereas a decade ago I would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man, many years of personal-counseling work (both trauma-specific and spiritual) had led me to a place where I now embrace opportunities to move into spaces that allow me to break out of old patterns of retreat or denial.

Actress Heather Locklear was arrested at her Thousand Oaks home on Sunday night on suspicion of domestic battery and assault of a peace officer, according to the Ventura County Sheriff's Office.
Deputies were called to Locklear's house at 9:42 p.m. in response to a domestic incident involving the 56-year-old actress' boyfriend, said sheriff's Sgt. Eric Buschow.
"She was extremely hostile and uncooperative and at one point became combative with the deputies" and impeded their investigation, Buschow said.
Additional deputies were called to the scene after Locklear started trying to fight with the law enforcement officers, he said. She physically resisted arrest, and deputies struggled to get her into a patrol car.
Locklear was arrested at 10:27 p.m. on suspicion of one felony count of domestic battery. For a felony charge to arise, there must be physical evidence of an altercation or a complaint of pain, Buschow said.
She also was booked on suspicion of three misdemeanor counts of battery of a peace officer.

Just days after the U.N. Security Council demanded a 30-day ceasefire across Syria, heavy shelling has resumed in the Damascus suburb of Eastern Ghouta.
Meanwhile, according to Russian state media, Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a "humanitarian corridor" to allow civilians to leave the besieged region.
The area, held by rebels and under attack by the Syrian regime, has been targeted in a series of strikes over the past week — resulting in the deaths of more than 500 people, including many women and children, according to observer estimates.
The airstrikes briefly eased up in the hours after the Security Council's unanimous vote on Saturday, NPR's Ruth Sherlock reports from Beirut. But they've returned — and heavy shelling has also began, as the air campaign has been replaced by a ground war.
"There's even reports of chlorine gas attacks ... in one of the towns that's near the frontline where rebels fighting the Syrian regime," Ruth says. "There's videos posted online, really distressing images of people, including children, coughing and choking in a makeshift hospital. We spoke to doctors who said that this had happened. I can't independently confirm this but what is clear is that civilians are desperate."
There are some 350,000 people trapped under siege in Eastern Ghouta, Ruth says; the U.N. estimates as many as 400,000 people live in the region.

There was a time, not so long ago, when a Chinese leader setting himself up as ruler for life would have stirred international condemnation for bucking the global trend toward greater democracy. Now, such an action seems fully in keeping with moves by many countries in the other direction.
The surprise disclosure on Sunday that the Communist Party was abolishing constitutional limits on presidential terms — effectively allowing President Xi Jinping to lead China indefinitely — was the latest and arguably most significant sign of the world’s decisive tilt toward authoritarian governance, often built on the highly personalized exercise of power.
The list includes Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, all of whom have abandoned most pretenses that they rule according to the people’s will. Authoritarianism is also reappearing in places like Hungary and Poland that barely a quarter century ago shook loose the shackles of Soviet oppression.
There are many reasons for such moves by Mr. Xi and others — including protecting their power and perks in an age of unrest, terrorism and war amplified by new technologies — but a significant one is that few countries have the standing or authority, morally or otherwise, to speak out — least of all, critics say, the United States.

Five people have died in an explosion at a shop in Leicester.
Residents said they heard "a big thud, like an earthquake" at the time of the blast in Hinckley Road at about 19:00 GMT on Sunday.
Five other people remain in hospital, one in a critical condition, Leicestershire Police said.
Supt Shane O'Neill said police believe there may be more people unaccounted for and rescue efforts were continuing on Monday.
At this stage the explosion is not being linked to terrorism, he added.
The building consisted of a shop premises on the ground level and a two-storey flat above.
aftermath of the explosion in LeicesterImage copyrightAFP
The shop had gone through many owners but recently became a Polish supermarket called Zabka. It is believed to have only been trading since the new year.
Store owner Aram Kurd, who was on duty with another member of staff, said he had gone to the storeroom when the explosion happened.

South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in, urged the United States and North Korea on Monday to soften their uncompromising stances so that talks could start on defusing the crisis prompted by the North’s nuclear program and Washington’s threats to stop it with military force.
During a meeting with China’s vice premier, Liu Yandong, Mr. Moon said both North Korea and the United States had begun showing a willingness for talks. But Mr. Moon said both sides still needed to step back from their uncompromising stances to make talks possible, according to a statement from his office.
“The United States needs to lower the threshold for dialogue, and North Korea should express a willingness to denuclearize,” Mr. Moon was quoted as saying, summarizing the obstacles he faced in trying to get the two countries to sit down for talks.
Mr. Moon’s remarks came a day after he met Kim Yong-chol, a senior North Korean official who attended the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, on Sunday. During the meeting, Mr. Kim expressed the North’s willingness to talk to American officials, according to Mr. Moon’s office. Given the deep mistrust between both sides, though, that is far from an assurance that negotiations will occur.South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in, urged the United States and North Korea on Monday to soften their uncompromising stances so that talks could start on defusing the crisis prompted by the North’s nuclear program and Washington’s threats to stop it with military force.

President Trump and the Kremlin have denied allegations that Russia and the Trump campaign colluded in the 2016 presidential election – but the probe into Russia’s meddling is forging ahead.
A special counsel was appointed to investigate potential wrongdoing, and the team has already brought multiple charges against people associated with the presidential campaign. 
Multiple investigators are looking into just how wide the scope of Russia’s involvement in the 2016 presidential election is and if the foreign nation had any interaction with the Trump campaign.
Investigators are also looking at the financial ties between some Trump associates and the Kremlin.
Multiple congressional committees have launched probes into Russia’s attempts to influence the election.
And the Department of Justice appointed Robert Mueller as its special counsel overseeing its investigation in May.
Mueller was appointed after Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who was the first Republican senator to endorse Trump, recused himself from the investigation. His appointment also followed a growing Democratic outcry for someone outside the Justice Department to handle the probe.
Mueller’s investigation has led to multiple charges – although none are directly related to misconduct from the campaign.
Paul Manafort and his associate, Richard Gates, turned themselves over to federal authorities in October and were hit with a 12-count indictment – with charges ranging from conspiracy against the U.S. to conspiracy to launder money.  

A Pennsylvania school district says it's canceling classes at an elementary school on Wednesday because a church down the street is hosting a ceremony featuring AR-15 rifles.
World Peace and Unification Sanctuary in Newfoundland is encouraging couples to bring their AR-15 rifles to a commitment ceremony. The church believes the AR-15 symbolizes the "rod of iron" in the biblical book of Revelation.
The ceremony, to be held about a half-mile from Wallenpaupack South Elementary School, is expected to draw hundreds of couples.
On Friday, the superintendent of the Wallenpaupack Area School District wrote in a letter to parents that while "there is no direct threat to our school or community," given concerns about parking, traffic and the "nature of the event," students will be bused to schools about 15 miles (24 kilometers) away.
Superintendent Michael Silsby added there will be an increased security presence at the school all week.
The church, a breakaway faction of the Unification Church, has said it planned Wednesday's event months ago, well before the Feb. 14 massacre at a Florida high school. Authorities say the alleged gunman used an AR-15 in the attack that killed 17.
