
President Trump plans to name Brad Parscale, the digital director of his 2016 campaign, to run his re-election bid, according to the Drudge Report. The Associated Press has since corroborated the report.
Parscale, who started off the campaign by building its website, became known for commanding an ambitious data project, as laid out in a Businessweek profile from the time. He was also known for his use of social media during the campaign. Businessweek described him as one of the few people trusted with ghost-writing Trump’s tweets.
The campaign’s — and Parscale’s — Facebook strategy has drawn particular scrutiny. As The Verge has reported, Facebook’s system rewards more polarizing ads — a boon to the Trump campaign, which ended up paying a better rate for ads compared to the Clinton campaign. “Facebook and Twitter were the reason we won this thing,” Parscale told Wired just after the election. “Twitter for Mr. Trump. And Facebook for fundraising.”
This week, Parscale again popped up in the news. After Wired published an article further detailing Facebook’s ad economics, Parscale endorsed the piece on Twitter. In a follow-up, he estimated the Trump campaign was paying far less than Clinton for ads. “This is why @realDonaldTrump was a perfect candidate for FaceBook,” Parscale wrote. The decision to let him run the campaign likely means Trump believes that, too.

Melania Trump has severed ties with a longtime pal-turned-adviser whose firm was paid almost $26 million to help plan President Trump’s inauguration, according to a new report.
The first lady’s office last week ended the contract with Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, who has been friends with Melania for years and had been an unpaid senior adviser, the New York Times reported.
Melania spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham told the Times that the office had “severed the gratuitous services contract with Ms. Wolkoff,” who Grisham said worked as “a special government employee” on specific projects.
“We thank her for her hard work and wish her all the best,” she said.
Two sources told the Times that the move was the result of the Trumps’ displeasure at its report that the president’s inaugural committee shelled out almost $26 million and that Winston Wolkoff personally received $1.62 million.
The president also was steamed that Winston Wolkoff used a close friend, David Monn, to assist in planning inaugural events, according to the report.

Nine months in, special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russia’s involvement in the 2016 presidential election has produced multiple indictments and guilty pleas.
But Mueller's investigation—which, according to experts, is likely still far from over—has yet to directly implicate President Donald Trump.
Still, that doesn't mean that there isn't already evidence that the commander in chief and his campaign team benefited from the confusion and distrust the Kremlin sowed in the American polity last year.
And, according to one former intelligence chief, that's as concerning as anything that Mueller could dig up.
In an interview with Politico published Tuesday, retired general and former head of the National Security Agency (NSA) and the CIA Michael Hayden says that, in his view, there is enough publicly available evidence to conclude that there is a "convergence" of interest between Trump and the Kremlin.

Police in North Carolina say a man was fatally shot as he was broadcasting himself on Facebook Live.
Prentis Robinson, 55, had just left a police station where he had reported one of his phones as stolen, and was filming himself with a selfie stick.
A man is then seen in the short video exchanging words with the victim. "You're on live," Mr Robinson tells him before four gunshots are fired.
A man, named by police as Douglas Colson, has been arrested.
The gunman, who police say was armed with a long-barelled gun, is seen quickly walking over the camera as he flees the scene.
The Wingate Police Department said Mr Colson was questioned on Monday but was not arrested at the time.
On Tuesday morning he turned himself in to police after they issued a warrant for his arrest.
The shooting, which occurred at about 10:00 local time (15:00GMT) on Monday, triggered a lockdown of nearby Wingate University, about 30 miles (48km) south-east of Charlotte, North Carolina.

The lieutenant governor in Georgia threatened on Monday to kill a proposed lucrative tax cut for Delta Air Lines after the company eliminated a discount fare program for the National Rifle Association over the weekend.
The move by Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle, who presides over the State Senate, immediately put the legislation in jeopardy and put him at loggerheads with other top state officials, including the governor, who had championed the tax deal. The showdown between one of Georgia’s most powerful politicians and one of the state’s largest employers was the latest clash in a national debate around guns after the deadly school shooting in Florida this month.
Mr. Cagle, a Republican, fired the salvo at Delta on Twitter on Monday afternoon, saying that the Atlanta-based company must restore its program with the N.R.A. “Corporations cannot attack conservatives and expect us not to fight back,” Mr. Cagle, who had expressed his support for the bill earlier this month, said on Twitter.

The United Nations said Tuesday it had reports of continued fighting in the rebel-held eastern Ghouta area near the Syrian capital Damascus, which was due to see the first daily "humanitarian pause," put in place by Russia to allow civilians to escape the fighting.
But the move is seen as limited in scope.
"Clearly, the situation on the ground is not such that convoys can go in or medical evacuations can go out," said U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke.
Russia and Syria blamed opposition fighters for shelling that they said hit an evacuation route as well as areas in Damascus, which rebels denied.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the seven-year-old conflict, said airstrikes hit the eastern Ghouta area where a recent spike in violence has killed hundreds of people. Syria's military denied carrying out such strikes.
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said Monday the Russian stand-down would run daily from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time.
The order comes days after the United Nations Security Council demanded a 30-day cease-fire across Syria. That plan got off to a shaky start with activists reporting continued airstrikes and fighting in the rebel-held eastern Ghouta suburb of Damascus that killed more than 30 people Monday.

in Kahramanmaras, Turkey. Erdogan has come under criticism for telling a small girl dressed in a military uniform that she would be honored if she were "martyred" for Turkey. Erdogan spotted the weeping-and-saluting 6-year-old Amine Tiras while delivering a speech at his ruling party's congress in the city of Kahramanmaras, and had her brought on stage.(Murat Cetinmuhurdar/Pool Photo via AP, File)
Erdogan spotted the weeping-and-saluting 6-year-old Amine Tiras while delivering a speech at his ruling party's congress in the city of Kahramanmaras on Saturday, and had her brought on stage.
After trying to comfort the girl by kissing her on both cheeks, Erdogan told the crowd: "She has the Turkish flag in her pocket. If she becomes a martyr, God willing, this flag will be draped on her."
Some people were appalled and took to Twitter to criticize the president.
One user said it was the state's duty to protect children, not to "kill" them. Another said: "you don't wish death for a child, you never say: 'God willing.'"

President Donald Trump is naming former digital adviser Brad Parscale as campaign manager of his 2020 re-election campaign.
A person familiar with the announcement confirms Parscale's selection on the condition of anonymity because the person was unauthorized to publicly discuss the news. The conservative Drudge Report website first reported his selection.
Trump has left little doubt about his intentions to seek re-election. He filed the paperwork to organize his re-election committee on the same day as his inauguration, held his first campaign rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Florida, and has mused publicly about would-be Democratic challengers.
Parscale, an Austin-based digital consultant and ally of Trump son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, ran the Trump campaign's sophisticated digital operations in 2016. He previously worked for the Trump Organization.

In December, a team of U.S. government scientists released a “report card” on the Arctic. Their top conclusion was pithy, comprehensive, and bleak. The Arctic, they said, “shows no sign of returning to [the] reliably frozen region of recent past decades.”
Now, it’s almost like the environment is trying to prove them right.
Though the sun hasn’t shone on the central Arctic for more than four months, the region is currently gripped by historic, record-breaking warmth. On Sunday, the temperature at the North Pole rose to about the melting point, and parts of the Arctic were more than 50 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than normal.

Allowing Chinese President Xi Jinping to rule indefinitely will be seen by historians as a farce, a government critic has told the BBC.
In a rare show of public dissent, ex-state newspaper editor Li Datong sent an open letter opposing the proposal.
He says in the letter that scrapping term limits for the president and vice-president would sow the seeds of chaos.
China's internet censors have been deleting critical comments across Chinese social media platforms.
There had been widespread speculation that Mr Xi would seek to extend his presidency beyond 2023. The party congress last year saw him cement his status as the most powerful leader since the late Mao Zedong.
State media have been defending the amendment and praising the country's leadership.
China Daily said lifting the term limit was needed "to perfect the party and the state leadership system". The PLA Daily said the move was "very necessary and timely".

President Trump has struck an “informal” deal with Boeing for new Air Force One planes, according to the White House -- resulting from negotiations that started before he took office. 
“President Trump has reached an informal deal with Boeing on a fixed price contract for the new Air Force One Program. Thanks to the president’s negotiations, the contract will save the taxpayers more than $1.4 billion,” Deputy Press Secretary Hogan Gidley said Tuesday.
The deal is worth $3.9 billion. Officials say it represents $1.4 billion in savings from estimates of over $5 billion for two airplanes and related costs.
A Boeing official said the agreement covers two aircraft, “including things unique to Air Force One such as a communications suite, internal and external stairs, large galleys and other equipment.”
Singapore's prime minister cautioned by the president over North Korea and China, as Trump looks forward to the House vote on the budget; John Roberts has the roundup for 'Special Report.'
The company said in a statement: “Boeing is proud to build the next generation of Air Force One, providing American Presidents with a flying White House at outstanding value to taxpayers. President Trump negotiated a good deal on behalf of the American people.”

Nearly two weeks after a shooting at a high school killed 17 people, the Florida Legislature is debating a school safety bill.
On Tuesday, House Republicans rejected Democratic-filed amendments that would ban assault weapons, strip language that would allow some teachers to carry guns in schools and require a mental health examination before someone could buy a gun.
The House appropriations committee is considering a bill that would raise the minimum age to buy rifles from 18 to 21 and creates a three-day waiting period for all gun purchase. The bill would also create a program that allows teachers who receive law enforcement training and are deputized by the local sheriff's office to carry concealed weapons in the classroom if also approved by the school district.
Unlike Monday, when hundreds of sometimes rowdy protesters jammed a Senate meeting to consider a similar bill, Tuesday's proceedings were more orderly. But still, several speakers spoke in favor of the assault weapons ban, including Parkland resident Amber Hersh.
"Our children lost a friend. Our friend lost a daughter. This is your opportunity. The world is watching," she told the committee.
The amendment to ban assault weapons was rejected on an 18-11 vote.
