
The House Intelligence Committee released a redacted Democratic memorandum on Saturday that counters Republican claims that top F.B.I. and Justice Department officials had abused their powers in spying on a former Trump campaign aide.
The document, which underwent weeks of review by President Trump and his national security team, was intended by Democrats to offer a point-by-point refutation of what it called the “transparent” attempt by President Trump’s allies on the committee to undermine the investigations into Russia’s election meddling and what role, if any, Trump associates played in it.
The dueling accounts reflected an extraordinary struggle on the committee to try to shape public perceptions of the credibility of the nation’s top law enforcement agencies. For weeks, instead of focusing its full energy on investigating an attack on the American democratic system, the committee has been pulled into a furious effort by Mr. Trump and his allies to sow doubts about the inquiries and the agencies conducting them.

As the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Saturday on a 30-day cease-fire to stem spiraling bloodshed in Syria, medics in hospitals across a besieged Damascus enclave said they were treating fresh wounds and waiting for a miracle. 
More than 500 people have been killed and 2,500 wounded in a ferocious six-day blitz by Syrian and Russian warplanes on the opposition-held suburb of Eastern Ghouta, according to relief groups and rescue workers. World powers have scrambled to stem the violence, one of the bloodiest periods of Syria’s six year war, behind closed doors and in charged public meetings at the U.N. Security Council. 
Jaded after successive failed cease-fires, doctors reached by phone Saturday said they were wary of raising patients’ hopes and that shelling continued. 
“The last explosion I heard was five minutes ago. I hope this vote will succeed, but we do not trust Russia,” said Hamza Hassan, a doctor supported by the Syrian-American Medical Society, a nonprofit group. “We are so exhausted. So exhausted.”

The only armed sheriff’s deputy at a Florida high school where 17 people were killed took cover outside rather than charging into the building when the massacre began, the Broward County sheriff said on Thursday. The sheriff also acknowledged that his office received 23 calls related to the suspect going back a decade, including one last year that said he was collecting knives and guns, but may not have adequately followed up.
The deputy, Scot Peterson, resigned on Thursday after being suspended without pay after Sheriff Scott Israel reviewed surveillance video.
“He never went in,” Sheriff Israel said in a news conference. He said the video showed Deputy Peterson doing “nothing.”
“There are no words,” said Sheriff Israel, who described himself as “devastated, sick to my stomach.”
Two other deputies were placed on restricted duty on Thursday because they may have mishandled tips called in to the sheriff’s office over the past two years warning that the suspect, Nikolas Cruz, appeared intent on becoming a school shooter, Sheriff Israel said.

The National Rifle Association lashed out at corporations rushing to abandon it, as companies from United Airlines to Best Western have cut ties with the gun lobby group under pressure from a boycott movement following a Feb. 14 high school shooting.
Without context, twin announcements from Delta and United airlines on Saturday morning might look trivial: The end of flight discounts to the NRA’s annual convention, which few outside the gun rights organization likely knew existed before they became boycott targets.
But in abandoning the NRA, the airlines followed car rental giants Avis, Hertz and Enterprise, the Best Western hotel chain, the global insurance company MetLife, and more than a dozen other corporations that have severed affiliations with the gun group in the last two days.

A former top adviser to Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign has agreed to cooperate with the special counsel inquiry into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election after pleading guilty on Friday to financial fraud and lying to investigators.
The adviser, Rick Gates, is a longtime political consultant who once served as Mr. Trump’s deputy campaign chairman. The plea deal could be a significant development in the investigation — a sign that Mr. Gates plans to offer incriminating information against his longtime associate and the former Trump campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and possibly other members of the campaign in exchange for a lighter punishment. He faces up to nearly six years in prison.
The deal came as the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, has been raising pressure on Mr. Gates and Mr. Manafort with dozens of new charges of money laundering and bank fraud unsealed on Thursday. Both men were first indicted in October and pleaded not guilty. The plea agreement was part of a flurry of recent activity by the special counsel’s team. Last week, 13 Russians were indicted on charges relating to a carefully planned scheme to incite political discord in the United States in the months before the 2016 election.

Michael Steele, the former chairman of the Republican National Committee, has spoken out to defend himself after the communications director of the Conservative Political Action Conference claimed that Steele was the token black guy of the RNC. 
RNC Communications director Ian Walters told hundreds of conservatives gathered at the event that Steele was elected as RNC chairman 'because he was a black guy.' The comment reportedly drew gasps across the room.
But it didn't stop there - Walters continued with his cringe-worthy remarks stating that electing Steele as chairman was 'the wrong thing to do.' 
Steele was near the back of the room at the time. He said Walters' remarks show 'a lack of maturity and a lack of understanding of the work we did and the work we continue to do

The Trump administration and key Asian allies are preparing to expand interceptions of ships suspected of violating sanctions on North Korea, a plan that could include deploying U.S. Coast Guard forces to stop and search vessels in Asia-Pacific waters, senior U.S. officials said.
The Coast Guard Cutter Midgett, a 378-foot high-endurance cutter homeported in Seattle, transits the Strait of Juan de Fuca enroute to Seattle, Washington, U.S. in this October 13, 2015. Petty Officer 1st Class Levi Read/U.S. Coast Guard/Handout via REUTERS
Washington has been talking to regional partners, including Japan, South Korea, Australia and Singapore, about coordinating a stepped-up crackdown that would go further than ever before in an attempt to squeeze Pyongyang’s use of seagoing trade to feed its nuclear missile program, several officials told Reuters.
While suspect ships have been intercepted before, the emerging strategy would expand the scope of such operations but stop short of imposing a naval blockade on North Korea. Pyongyang has warned it would consider a blockade an act of war.
The strategy calls for closer tracking and possible seizure of ships suspected of carrying banned weapons components and other prohibited cargo to or from North Korea, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Depending on the scale of the campaign, the United States could consider beefing up the naval and air power of its Pacific Command, they said.

Sheldon G. Adelson, one of the most hawkish supporters of Israel among American Jews, has offered to help fund the construction of a new American Embassy in Jerusalem, according to the State Department, which on Friday said it was reviewing whether it could legally accept the donation.
The total price tag to build the new embassy to replace the current one in Tel Aviv is estimated at around $500 million, according to one former State Department official. While private donors have previously paid for renovations to American ambassadors’ overseas residences, Mr. Adelson’s contribution would be likely to far surpass those gifts — and could further strain American diplomacy in the Middle East.
Before the embassy is built, the Trump administration plans to open a temporary one in Jerusalem. On Friday, it said that it was accelerating the projected opening in time to mark the 70th anniversary of the creation of the State of Israel on May 14.

Russian military spies hacked several hundred computers used by authorities at the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in South Korea, according to U.S. intelligence.
They did so while trying to make it appear as though the intrusion was conducted by North Korea, what is known as a “false-flag” operation, said two U.S. officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss a sensitive matter.
Officials in PyeongChang acknowledged that the Games were hit by a cyberattack during the Feb. 9 Opening Ceremonies but had refused to confirm whether Russia was responsible. That evening there were disruptions to the Internet, broadcast systems and the Olympics website. Many attendees were unable to print their tickets for the ceremony, resulting in empty seats.
Analysts surmise the disruption was retaliation against the International Olympic Committee for banning the Russian team from the Winter Games due to doping violations. No officials from Russia’s Olympic federation were allowed to attend, and while some athletes were permitted to compete under the designation “Olympic Athletes from Russia,” they were unable to display the Russian flag on their uniforms and, if they won medals, their country’s anthem was not played.

After several months of excavation work, Egypt's antiquities ministry said on Saturday that an ancient cemetery had been discovered near the city of Minya, south of Cairo.
The large necropolis is located 2.5 miles north of the Tuna al-Gabal area, a vast archaeological site on the edge of the western desert. The area is known to house ancient catacombs from the Pharaonic Late Period and the Ptolemaic dynasty.
Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Enany said the large necropolis, which is more than 2,000 years old, contains a gold mask, 40 sarcophagi (ornate stone-carved coffins) and about 1,000 statues — several of them depicting ancient priests, pottery, jewelry and other artifacts.
The minister told reporters the uncovering was the beginning of what he thought would be a much bigger discovery.
He hailed the initial find as "important, as it explains several aspects of the life of the ancient Egyptians," adding that excavators would need at least five years to complete the project.
Mostafa Waziri, head of the archaeological mission, said eight tombs have been uncovered so far and he expects more will be discovered soon.

It was near the end of the Conservative Political Action Conference, at the end of four adulatory days on the Maryland shore, that President Trump received a rare dose of criticism from one of the conservative speakers on the main stage. The criticism, from writer Mona Charen, came during a panel titled “#UsToo: Left out by the Left.” Charen was one of four women on the panel, which focused on how conservatives should approach and grapple with the #MeToo movement.
“I’m disappointed about our side about being silent about serial harassers and abusers, including the one sitting in the White House,” Charen said, “because they happen to have an R beside their name.” This was an obvious reference to President Trump, who has been accused of sexual harassment and misconduct by more than a dozen women. He has denied all those allegations.
The hall erupted in booing and some shouting, a stark break from the cheering and applause that have marked the four-day conservative conclave. Charen is a National Review writer who worked in the White House of Ronald Reagan. But although Reagan was—and always is—repeatedly invoked during CPAC, this is now the party of Trump, and to question his conduct towards women amounted to an act of treason.

A 22-year-old woman is dead following a double stabbing at Winchester Public Library on Saturday morning, authorities said.
The second victim, a 77-year-old man, sustained nonlife-threatening injuries while attempting to intervene, and the suspect, 23-year-old Jeffrey Yao, of Winchester, was arrested at the scene and has been charged with murder, Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said at a press conference Saturday afternoon.
Ryan said more details will come out at Yao’s arraignment on Monday. Here’s what we know as of Saturday afternoon:
Winchester police received “several” 911 calls at about 10:38 a.m. Saturday reporting a stabbing at the library, according to Ryan. With the police station located nearby, officers “almost immediately” responded to the scene, where they discovered two people suffering from stab wounds, she said.
The 22-year-old woman had been seated at a table in a reading room off the library’s main lobby “apparently studying or doing work,” according to Ryan, when Yao allegedly approached her from behind.
“Mr. Yao began striking her with what we now know to be a — what appears to be a — hunting knife with approximately a 10-inch blade,” Ryan said. “She suffered a number of slash and stab wounds to the head and upper torso.”
The woman then left the table, apparently attempting to get to the library’s front lobby and door, according to the district attorney.
