
At least two people were shot dead in what authorities said was a domestic issue at a dormitory at Central Michigan University on Friday morning and police were searching for the gunman.
The two victims who were not students were found inside the residence hall at the university, located about 125 miles (200 km) northwest of Detroit, according to university Police Lieutenant Larry Klaus. He identified the suspect as 19-year-old James Eric Davis Jr.
“Our campus is safe,” Klaus said at a news conference on Friday.“We’re calling it a family-type domestic issue at this point.” The university said no one was injured by the gunfire.
The incident came about two weeks after 17 students and educators were killed by a 19-year-old gunman with an assault-style rifle at a Florida high school.
The identities of the two Michigan victims as well as details on whether the suspect was a student and the type of weapon used were not immediately released.

Europe will hit back at the heart of the United States, slapping tariffs on products like Harley-Davidsons, Kentucky bourbon and bluejeans, if President Trump goes ahead with a plan to place tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, the president of the European Union’s executive arm vowed on Friday.
Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, made the remarks to the German news media in reaction to the proposed tariffs. Mr. Junker said the plans to tax the American goods, produced in the home states of key Republic leaders, had not yet been finalized, but amounted to treating them “the same way” that European products would be handled if the metals tariffs go through.
“None of this is reasonable, but reason is a sentiment that is very unevenly distributed in this world,” Mr. Juncker declared. He said any measures taken by the bloc would conform with rules set by the World Trade Organization, Mr. Juncker said.
His was not the only denunciation to flowed in after Mr. Trump told industry executives on Thursday that he planned to impose penalties of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum imports from all countries. Criticism came from governments, lawmakers, metals makers and labor unions around the world.
Steffen Seibert, a spokesman for the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said on Friday that the government “rejects” the tariffs, adding that such measures could lead to a global trade war, which “can’t be in anyone’s interest.”

A sprawling coastal storm began to batter the East Coast with snow, heavy wind and rain on Friday morning, as officials warned of moderate to major flooding along parts of the coast, with storm surge expected to amplify the high tide.
The effects of the nor’easter, which could linger through Saturday or beyond, were being felt as far south as Georgia and South Carolina, and were expected to stretch all the way north to Maine.
“Take this storm seriously,” the National Weather Service in Boston tweeted. “This is a LIFE & DEATH situation for those living along the coast, esp those ocean-exposed shorelines.”

Early last year, a private equity billionaire started paying regular visits to the White House.
Joshua Harris, a founder of Apollo Global Management, was advising Trump administration officials on infrastructure policy. During that period, he met on multiple occasions with Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, said three people familiar with the meetings. Among other things, the two men discussed a possible White House job for Mr. Harris.
The job never materialized, but in November, Apollo lent $184 million to Mr. Kushner’s family real estate firm, Kushner Companies. The loan was to refinance the mortgage on a Chicago skyscraper.
Even by the standards of Apollo, one of the world’s largest private equity firms, the previously unreported transaction with the Kushners was a big deal: It was triple the size of the average property loan made by Apollo’s real estate lending arm, securities filings show.
It was one of the largest loans Kushner Companies received last year. An even larger loan came from Citigroup, which lent the firm and one of its partners $325 million to help finance a group of office buildings in Brooklyn.

As companies across America take a stand on guns after the Florida school massacre, Delta Air Lines withstood swift political retribution in its home state of Georgia for cutting ties with the National Rifle Assn.
Ignoring warnings that the state's business-friendly image could be tarnished, Republicans in the Legislature voted Thursday to kill a tax break that would have saved Delta millions of dollars in sales tax on jet fuel, and on Friday, the governor signed it. The proposal wasn't controversial until Delta announced last weekend that it would no longer offer discounted fares to NRA members.
"I hope they are better at flying airplanes than timing PR announcements," Georgia House Speaker David Ralston, a Republican, said after his chamber gave final approval to a larger tax-cut bill that was stripped of the jet fuel tax exemption.
The Feb. 14 slayings of 17 students and educators in Parkland, Fla., by a gunman armed with an AR-15 assault-style rifle has prompted retailers including Walmart, Kroger and Dick's Sporting Goods to tighten their gun sales policies. Meanwhile, Delta and other companies including MetLife and Hertz have ended business ties with the NRA.

Only one living U.S. president will be attending the Rev. Billy Graham's funeral this week.
While President Donald Trump will be in attendance Friday at the Charlotte service, his predecessors will not. A spokesperson confirmed with the Citizen Times that former President Barack Obama is unable to attend the funeral, while two former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton traveled to Charlotte this week ahead of the service to pay their respects while Graham's body lay in repose.
A spokesman for former President George H.W. Bush told the Citizen Times that he and his wife, Barbara, are unable to travel to Charlotte, and a representative for former President Jimmy Carter said Tuesday that "he regrets he cannot attend."
First Lady Melania Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Second Lady Karen Pence will attend the funeral, the White House said Wednesday.
Graham died in his sleep the morning of Feb. 21 at his home in Montreat. He was 99 and in his lifetime had become perhaps the most well-known evangelist in the world. The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association estimates that he preached to a total of 215 million people through his crusades and other events.

Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday made her opening bid for talks on British withdrawal from the European Union, outlining a plan that seemed designed more to unite warring lawmakers at home, than to win over her continental critics.
Striking a note of realism for her domestic audience, Mrs. May accepted that Britain’s departure, known as Brexit, would reduce trade with the European Union’s giant single market, which she intends her country to quit.
“In certain ways, our access to each other’s markets will be less than it is now,” Mrs. May told an invited audience in London, accepting that the European Union would never agree to a deal that allowed Britain “to enjoy all the benefits without all of the obligations.”
“The reality is that we all need to face up to some hard facts,” she added.
However, Mrs. May said she hoped to gain some favorable treatment on trade by offering “binding commitments” to stick to some European rules and regulations, while staying under the remit of European agencies that supervise sectors like pharmaceuticals — proposals that the hard Brexit faction might find difficult to swallow.

Islamic extremists opened fire on the French Embassy and army headquarters in separate attacks in Burkina Faso's capital Friday, killing at least seven soldiers, while eight of the militants were slain, a government official said.
More than 90 people were wounded in the violence in the former French colony in West Africa, and officials called it a terrorist attack. There was no claim of responsibility.
Five emergency centers were set up in hospitals, a military barracks and at a stadium in Ouagadougou to treat the casualties, said Col. Amade Kafando, director general of Burkina Faso's army health department. There were fears that the death toll could rise.
Gunfire and explosions resounded for hours but subsided by midday. Workers fled offices near the site of the violence, and helicopters were seen above the embassy.
Witnesses at state TV offices that face the embassy told The Associated Press that five attackers arrived in a pickup truck, shouted, "Allahu Akhbar," and began shooting. They also set fire to the truck, the witnesses added.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel was questioned by the police on Friday as a possible suspect in a third bribery case, the weightiest so far in a string of corruption investigations that are jeopardizing his political future.
Officers questioned Mr. Netanyahu about a case involving Shaul Elovitch, an Israeli telecommunications tycoon accused of using his popular Hebrew news site to provide positive coverage of Mr. Netanyahu and his wife in return for regulatory and financial benefits worth tens of millions of dollars.
A large black screen was drawn on Friday morning across leafy Balfour Street in Jerusalem, concealing the prime minister’s official residence and the comings and goings of investigators. Outside, a small but noisy group of demonstrators beat drums and held placards with slogans against corruption.
Mr. Netanyahu, who has now been questioned by the police eight times in the past 14 months, is fighting for his political life as the allegations against him mount. Last month, the police recommended that Mr. Netanyahu be charged with bribery, fraud and breach of trust in two other graft cases involving allegations of illicit gifts for favors and another attempt to obtain more favorable coverage.
Those cases are now being examined by state prosecutors and the attorney general, who will ultimately decide whether to file charges pending a hearing with Mr. Netanyahu’s lawyers. The process could take months.

Russian President Vladimir Putin used an annual speech this week to make bold claims about “invincible” new Russian weapons that could easily overcome U.S. missile defenses. Among the weapons Putin said had been successfully tested was a cruise missile with a nuclear-propulsion engine — a weapon that would fly at a low altitude and follow an unpredictable flight path to avoid U.S. missile defense systems.
Speaking to Megyn Kelly of NBC News after the speech, Putin said that “every single weapons system discussed today easily surpasses and avoids an antimissile defense system.”
But how worried should Americans be about Russia's new missiles?
It's certainly true that, if Putin's claims are accurate, they represent a step forward in missile technology that existing U.S. missile systems would be unable to match. There's another important detail here, however: U.S. missile defense systems are almost certainly no match for existing Russian missiles, either.

High winds and driving rain are causing thousands of flight cancellations at East Coast airports. But what about the planes that did manage to take off?
One pilot who landed at Dulles Airport reported it was not a pretty scene.
"Very bumpy on descent," the pilot said, according to a transcript on aviationweather.gov. "Pretty much every one on the plane threw up. Pilots were on the verge of throwing up."
The Washington Metropolitan Airport Authority on Friday said that a brief half-hour ground stop took place at Dulles when wind gusts reached a critical point. 
The Washington Post reported that winds in the D.C. area reached 70-mph gusts.  
Flightaware.com was reporting more than 2,000 cancellations late Friday morning.
An American Airlines spokesman says the company has canceled about 18 percent of its flights in the Northeast, with Boston's Logan Airport and Reagan Washington National Airport the hardest hit.
Delta, Southwest, JetBlue and American were allowing travelers to change their Friday and Saturday flights to avoid delays and cancellations.

Change happens notoriously slow in Nashville, a town known to prize convention and tradition. But yesterday, it occurred at lightning speed: In less than 24 hours, presidential candidate, conservative radio host and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee was announced as a new board member of the Country Music Association Foundation, the organization's philanthropic arm, before being swiftly forced to resign after a chorus of dissent over the appointment erupted in Music City and beyond.
"I genuinely regret that some in the industry were so outraged by my appointment that they bullied the CMA and the Foundation with economic threats and vowed to withhold support for the programs for students if I remained," Huckabee's letter of resignation read, which was accepted in a statement by the CMA. The organization, which produces a huge festival in Nashville each summer as well as the televised CMA Awards, has yet to offer further comment on its motivation for appointing him.

Fox News host Tucker Carlson doesn’t criticize Donald Trump very often, but he did so on Thursday night after the president suggested taking guns away from potentially dangerous people before due process. 
“Imagine if Barack Obama had said that,” Carlson said. “Just ignore due process and start confiscating guns.”
Carlson said Obama would’ve been “denounced as a dictator” for making such a comment.
“We would have denounced him first, trust me,” Carlson said. “Congress would be talking impeachment right now. Some would be muttering about secession.”
Carlson also had a warning for Trump about Constitutional rights:
“Those rights are what makes us citizens and not mere subjects of the powerful, and the president needs to be reminded of that. Maybe we all do once in a while. If voters wanted that kind of government, they could have voted Democrat, and actually they still have a chance to vote Democrat in the midterms, which he should keep in mind.”
