
A former aide to Donald Trump says he will not co-operate with the inquiry into alleged Russian election meddling.
Sam Nunberg, who helped launch Mr Trump's campaign, said he would refuse to comply with a grand jury subpoena.
"I think it would be really, really funny if they wanted to arrest me because I don't want to spend 80 hours going over emails," he told MSNBC.
Mr Nunberg also said he thinks the investigators believe they have something on Mr Trump.
Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating if there were any links between the Trump campaign and Russia, or any effort by the White House to obstruct justice.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders would not be drawn on Mr Nunberg's remarks on Monday, saying: "I'm not going to weigh in on somebody that doesn't work at the White House."
Refusing to comply with a grand jury summons could result in contempt of court and obstruction of justice charges - and, eventually, a prison sentence. It's a steep price to pay to make a point about the scope of Robert Mueller's inquiry.

House Speaker Paul Ryan broke with President Donald Trump over his decision to impose tariffs on imported aluminum and steel products, setting the stage for a high-profile policy fight between Republican leaders and the White House.
Mr. Ryan’s concerns match those of many Republican and Democratic lawmakers, who fear the proposed trade measures will short-circuit the U.S. economic expansion while also punishing allies.
“We are extremely worried about the consequences of a trade war and are urging the White House to not advance with this plan,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for the Republican from Wisconsin. “The new tax reform law has boosted the economy and we certainly don’t want to jeopardize those gains.”
Mr. Trump on Monday afternoon insisted that “we’re not backing down.” Earlier in the day, Mr. Trump linked the tariffs to negotiations with Mexico and Canada on revising the North American Free Trade Agreement. He said in a morning tweet: “Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new & fair Nafta agreement is signed.”
Congressional Republican leaders aren’t ruling out potential legislative action aimed at blocking such tariffs, according to a Republican familiar with the matter.

Sen. Thad Cochran, the first Republican in more than 100 years to win a statewide election in his home state of Mississipi, is the latest lawmaker to announce he will not seek re-election.
"It has been a great honor to serve the people of Mississippi and our country," Cochran said in a statement Monday. "I've done my best to make decisions in the best interests of our nation, and my beloved state."
Cochran said his resignation will be effective April 1. He's joining a long list of Congress members who have already announced plans to depart their posts.
On average, 22 House members retire each cycle, Roll Call reported. But this year has seen a record number of GOP lawmakers leaving Capitol Hill, according to NPR.

Jimmy Kimmel claimed he was keeping this year's Oscars positive, but the ratings were anything but.
The politically charged 2018 Academy Awards were down 20 percent compared to the 2017 numbers, averaging 26.5 million viewers. It's the first time that the Oscars averaged fewer than 30 million people since at least 1974 when Nielsen started keeping track. 
Host Jimmy Kimmel speaks at the Oscars on Sunday, March 4, 2018, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
“We don’t make films like ‘Call Me By Your Name’ for money,” Kimmel quipped at one point. “We make them to upset Mike Pence.”  (2018 Invision)
Last year’s event drew 33 million sets of eyeballs and the sharp decline resulted in roughly 6.5 million lost viewers. Host Jimmy Kimmel and the crowd of Hollywood elite focused on diversity, feminism and political issues as much as they focused on the films being honored.
The lack of high-wattage stars in the major categories, as well as a ho-hum slate of films when it came to box office receipts, may also have been a factor.
Media Research Center Vice President Dan Gainor told Fox News viewers shouldn’t be surprised that the show turned political and featured “divisive, left-wing politics” throughout the four-hour event.
“The Tinseltown elite genuinely hate the people they expect will pay to see their movies and watch their TV shows,” Gainor said. “Why do we support them?”

A $130,000 payment to a former adult film star by President Donald Trump's lawyer was flagged as suspicious and reported to the Treasury Department, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday, citing a source familiar with the matter.
Michael Cohen, Trump's longtime lawyer, sent the money through an account he created at First Republic Bank, the report says. Stephanie Clifford, known in her films as Stormy Daniels, received the money under the pseudonym Peggy Peterson, according to previous reports.
The payment, which Cohen said he paid out of his own pocket, was given to Clifford as part of an agreement not to discuss an alleged affair with Trump in 2006, people familiar with the matter told the Journal.
According to the Journal, people familiar with the matter in the report said that Cohen later complained to friends that he had not been reimbursed for the money he sent Clifford.
The source also told the newspaper that Cohen had missed two deadlines to pay Clifford earlier in October 2016, weeks before the presidential election, because he could not get in touch with Trump as the campaign raged toward its end.
Later Monday, when asked whether Cohen talked to Trump about the money paid to Clifford, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said: "Not that I'm aware of, and I'd refer you to Michael [Cohen]."

Gear up for another Nor'easter, South Jersey. Another bout of rain, wind and more importantly, snow will fall on Wednesday.
The afternoon computer model runs are in and with the storm only 24-30 hours away, we can now bring details of what this coastal system will look like. 
First, let us talk about the weather leading up to the event. A mainly clear sky will take us through our Tuesday night. It is early March and that still means that winter jackets are the norm. Thanks to a clear sky and (finally) calmer winds, temperatures will vary from the mid-20s in the Pine Barrens to around freezing at the Jersey Shore.
Unfortunately, another round of coastal flooding is expected Tuesday night. It will just be in minor flood stage. Most of us are fine, but susceptible roads will be flooded and you may have to move your car one more time. 
Minor flood stage is expected during the Tuesday night high tides. Another round of a few flooded streets and moving your cars will occur.
Tuesday will then see morning sun, but the sky darkens during the afternoon. Then, our storm system will begin. Here is what to expect during the storm.

Another European election, another scene of political carnage. The stunning showing by the Five Star Movement and other populist parties in Italy’s election on Sunday shattered the establishment and suggested that the country was at the cusp of a political revolution.
Except Italy is Italy. A complicated law passed last year — and aimed at Five Star — made it difficult for any single party to win the election. Now, in typical Italian fashion, there is a muddle: No party, or coalition, has won enough support in parliament to form a government, thrusting the country into protracted negotiations over who will govern.
Which is to say, things were going according to plan.
On a continent that has been torn apart more than once by cataclysmic wars, many countries have built in safeguards against political extremes. But the question for Italy — and all of Europe — is how much longer these protections will hold.
Germany has a highly decentralized, consensus-based system. France has a two-step election that allows its citizens first to vote their hearts, and then their heads.
And Italy has its mess.
In an era of increasingly autocratic leaders — with anti-Democratic sweeping up furious voters across Europe — some politicians have whispered privately that although the results of the election may be disastrous for the country’s efforts at modernization, they may be preferable for European leaders and investors afraid of a populist government.

A man identified by local news reports as a retired Russian military intelligence officer who once spied for Britain is critically ill at a British hospital, and the authorities were investigating his “exposure to an unknown substance.”
According to a several reports, the man, found unconscious on a bench in the city of Salisbury, is Sergei V. Skripal, 66. He was once jailed by Moscow, then settled in Britain after an exchange of spies between the United States and Russia in 2010.
The British police have not publicly identified the man in the hospital or a 33-year-old woman who fell sick with him at a shopping mall called the Maltings.
The authorities have, however, released enough detail about what they called a “major incident” to draw some comparisons, however premature, to the case of Alexander V. Litvinenko, a former Russian spy who was poisoned in London in 2006.
Mr. Litvinenko, 43, died in November 2006, after ingesting polonium 210, a rare radioactive isotope that investigators later found in high concentrations in a teapot at a central London hotel where the victim had met with Russian associates. That episode caused an international outcry and led to years of tension between the British and Russian governments.

Under twin clouds of legal investigation, President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu presented a united front on Monday, Trump announcing he might travel to Jerusalem to preside over the opening of the new U.S. Embassy Netanyahu had wanted, and the Israeli lavishing praise on the American leader.
In a show of strong support for Netanyahu, who faces corruption allegations at home, Trump dangled the possibility of his second visit to Israel as president. However, he said nothing about whether he would use the trip to unveil his much-vaunted but still mysterious peace plan for Israel and the Palestinians.
The president said his controversial decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to the holy city had improved chances for ending the conflict, despite Palestinians’ insistence otherwise. The two steps enraged the Palestinians, who claim part of Jerusalem for the capital of an eventual state and accuse Trump of abandoning the U.S. role of honest broker.
Trump and his wife, Melania, welcomed Netanyahu and his wife, Sara, to the White House just hours after Israeli police announced that a third confidant of the prime minister had agreed to turn state’s witness in the burgeoning corruption case. Netanyahu and his wife were questioned separately by police for hours on Friday before their departure for Washington.

The Pentagon on Monday refused to verify the authenticity of a propaganda video posted by the Islamic State that includes footage allegedly shot through the helmet camera of one of the four US soldiers killed in a deadly ambush in Niger last fall.
A Pentagon spokesman warned reporters that they would be "complicit" with the terrorist group if they publicized it. The video ends with a chilling scene when ISIS fighters open fire from close range on the wounded soldier whose camera recorded the video.
“We ask the media and the public and all responsible entities not to aid these terrorists in recruiting efforts by viewing or bringing to attention these images, these videos,” Col. Rob Manning said on Monday.
“You are complicit in amplifying ISIS propaganda if you do that,” he told reporters at the Pentagon. He did not directly answer why the military can’t authenticate the video, asserting that it “can’t confirm something we didn’t produce.”
Staff Sgt. Bryan Black, Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright, Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson and Sgt. La David Johnson of the 3rd Special Forces Group were killed Oct. 4 when their 12-man team and roughly 30 Nigerien soldiers were ambushed near the village of Tongo Tongo. La David Johnson’s body was not recovered until 48 hours after the firefight.

Thousands of undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S. as children could face disruptions in their ability to work, even though the Trump administration has for months been under a federal court order to renew protections under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
The problem arises chiefly from the Department of Homeland Security's refusal to prioritize those DACA renewals due to expire soonest. Instead, the applications are being processed in the order in which they were filed. Consequently, many so-called Dreamers who've applied to renew will see their DACA protections expire before DHS acts, increasing their risk of being fired from their jobs or, possibly, being arrested and deported.
“You can’t just say, ‘Don’t show up to work and we’ll kind of keep paying you,’ or 'wink wink, nod nod,'” said Todd Schulte, president of the pro-immigration FWD.us. “I just think we should assume that a ton of these people are going to lose their jobs.”
DHS did not respond to a request to clarify its enforcement policy for people with recently expired DACA grants.

A Florida middle school teacher was "removed" from classroom duties on Sunday after she was accused of hosting a secret white-nationalist podcast in which she allegedly bragged about touting her beliefs in the classroom, authorities said.
The Citrus County School District in northern Florida said it is investigating a Huffington post report that claimed Dayanna Volitich, a 25-year-old social studies teacher at Crystal River Middle School, had hosted the podcast under the pseudonym "Tiana Dalichov."
The district did not mention Volitich by name, but it said it became aware of "a concerning podcast" on Friday when it was contacted by a Huffington Post reporter, according to a statement released Sunday. The district said it launched the investigation immediately.
"The reporter indicated they believed one of the persons participating in the podcast was a teacher at Crystal River Middle School," Superintendent Sandra Himmel said in the statement. "The teacher has been removed from the classroom and the investigation is ongoing."
"Pursuant to Florida Statute an open investigation and materials related to it are exempt from public record and cannot be discussed until the investigation is complete," Himmel added.
