President Trump on Saturday took part in the Gridiron Club dinner's tradition of presidential speeches filled with self-deprecating humor and casting barbs at his own White House and his usual targets. 
You can read Trump's comments below: 
"Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to be here and, I must tell you, that Melania and I are really thrilled. We really looked forward to this. ... I didn't know what to expect, but it's really quality people ... quality people. So, thank you very much.
It’s been really another calm week at the White House. We finally have it running like a fine-tuned machine. It’s fine-tuned. It’s a beautiful piece of work. ... But before I get started, I wanted to apologize for arriving a little bit late. You know, we were late tonight because Jared could not get through security. ... Ivanka, you’ve got to do something, ... Jared—but I will tell you, he’s a good guy. He has—he has suffered. He is a great guy he really is.
I know the Gridiron is really an old tradition in Washington, been around a long time, and one that’s important to many of you in the media. So, I was very excited to receive this invitation and come here and ruin your evening in person. ... My staff was concerned heading into this dinner that I couldn’t do self-deprecating humor. They were worried about it. They said, ‘Can you do this?’ And I told them not to worry. Nobody does self-deprecating humor better than I do. ...  In fact, Orrin Hatch, Orrin said that ‘Donald Trump is the best at self-deprecating in the history of America, better than Washington and better than Lincoln.’ ... Thank you, Orrin.

President Donald Trump’s threatened trade war has opened a rift within the Republican Party that some lawmakers and strategists believe could undermine their effort to keep their majorities in Congress.
Republicans plan to brag about the economy in midterm campaigns in hopes of countering Trump’s unpopularity, touting a strong stock market, low unemployment rate and — most importantly — their increasingly popular tax legislation. But Trump’s suggestion Saturday that he might slap penalties on European cars, in addition to the tariffs on aluminum and steel he already promised, could upend that strategy completely, Republicans say.
“Should the administration opt to move forward with tariffs on steel and aluminum, American manufacturers, businesses and consumers would be forced to bear the brunt, paying more for steel and steel products,” said Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), one of the primary authors of the tax overhaul that’s central to the GOP’s reelection effort. “Such action could very well undercut the benefits of the pro-growth tax reform we fought to get on the books.”

Gazing fondly at Hollywood’s onscreen history, while repudiating the film industry’s appalling treatment of women behind the scenes. Staging a big-tent spectacle to keep the TV ratings from hitting an all-time low, while celebrating films that have, for the most part, not been widely seen. Poking fun at last year’s envelope mix-up, while taking the recognition of cinematic achievements supremely seriously.
This is going to be one hard-working Oscars ceremony.
When planning started over the summer for the 90th Academy Awards, producers envisioned a buoyant ceremony that would use its anniversary as a guiding theme. Jimmy Kimmel would return as host, the first time since the 1990s that the ceremony would have the same M.C. two years in a row.
The red carpet at the Golden Globes, where attendees wore black to draw attention to sexual harassment in the entertainment world. 
But then The New York Times and The New Yorker disclosed allegations of decades of sexual harassment and assault against Harvey Weinstein — the powerful producer and Academy Awards tour de force — roiling the entertainment business and setting off the #MeToo and Time’s Up movements. (Mr. Weinstein has denied ever having had “nonconsensual sex.”) Now the Oscars, designed as a big commercial for Hollywood glamour, will have to address the systemic problem of sexual harassment in show business.

George Nader, a Lebanese-American businessman, has hovered on the fringes of international diplomacy for three decades. He was a back-channel negotiator with Syria during the Clinton administration, reinvented himself as an adviser to the de facto ruler of the United Arab Emirates, and last year was a frequent visitor to President Trump’s White House.
Mr. Nader is now a focus of the investigation by Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel. In recent weeks, Mr. Mueller’s investigators have questioned Mr. Nader and have pressed witnesses for information about any possible attempts by the Emiratis to buy political influence by directing money to support Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign, according to people with knowledge of the discussions.
The investigators have also asked about Mr. Nader’s role in White House policymaking, those people said, suggesting that the special counsel investigation has broadened beyond Russian election meddling to include Emirati influence on the Trump administration. The focus on Mr. Nader could also prompt an examination of how money from multiple countries has flowed through and influenced Washington during the Trump era.

“Saturday Night Live” usually responds to a national tragedy by eschewing comedy. Usually, it has no choice.
Three weeks after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, “SNL” premiered its season with a speech by the stone-faced mayor of a bloodied city. After the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary in 2012, the show’s opening sketch was simply children singing “Silent Night.” Because how would you joke about that?
But when “SNL” returned to the air this weekend after a month-long hiatus during which the country’s worst high school shooting occurred, the show used President Trump to bridge the gap between the tragic and the ridiculous.
It had been less than three weeks since 17 students and staffers were fatally shot in Parkland, Fla. — but in those weeks Trump had: a) met with teenage survivors of the attack while holding a crib note that read “I hear you”; b) said that if the high school’s teachers had been armed, one of them would have “shot the hell” out of the gunman; c) broke with the National Rifle Association and proposed confiscating guns (“Take the guns first, go through due process second”); d) backtracked hours later; e) said he would have run into the school unarmed to confront a man with a high-powered rifle.

The union representing W. Va. teachers says their strike — begun Feb. 22 — will extend at least through Monday, if not longer, after the state Senate failed to pass the raise teachers are holding out for.
Senators voted for a 4 percent raise for teachers, service personnel and state troopers.
Republican Gov. Jim Justice and the Republican-led House of Delegates have already agreed to the 5 percent raise teachers are demanding.
Saturday night's Senate vote ran into a snafu after the Finance Committee was prepared to pass the 4 percent raise.
The Charleston Gazette-Mail reports:
"But the Senate then, mistakenly, passed the House version of the bill with the 5 percent raise, rather than the 4 percent version. After Senate leaders announced the mistake, senators walked back their passage vote and certain procedural votes, and passed the bill with a 4 percent raise after 9:30 p.m. Saturday.
House members wouldn't agree to that change, and both sides appointed three members to a conference committee, which will try to hash out the differences on the bill."

German Chancellor Angela Merkel proved to be a lucky duck instead of a lame duck on Sunday when the country's second-largest political party, the Social Democrats, agreed reluctantly and after nearly six months of bitter wrangling to join forces with her conservative Christian Democrats for another four years.
Grassroots members of the center-left Social Democrats voted by a surprisingly large two-thirds majority in a postal vote to swallow their pride and join another loveless right-left "grand coalition" with the Christian Democrats. The vote will keep Merkel in power even though Social Democratic leaders had first vowed they would do no such thing after an inconclusive election in September.
In that vote, both parties slumped to their worst post-World War II results after ruling four years together as a new far-right party, Alternative for Germany, siphoned away considerable support from both. Feeding off frustration over the arrival of more than a million refugees from Syria and elsewhere, it become the third-largest bloc in the six-party parliament.
Weaker at home than any other time during her 12 years at the helm of Europe's leading nation, the 63-year-old Merkel could have been forced out of power and Germany plunged into a political crisis with new elections likely if the 463,000 grassroots members had voted against the coalition agreement. It was a detailed 179-page pact that the Christian Democrats and Social Democrats had hammered out a month ago in which Merkel turned over considerable power and important ministries to the Social Democrats to lure them into her government.

Voting has now closed in Italy, in one of the most uncertain elections in recent memory.
Early exit polls say a hung parliament is likely, with ex-PM Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right coalition set to win the most seats.
The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement is in second place according to exit polls, and could be the largest single party with about 30% of votes.
The country's ruling centre-left Democratic Party stands in third place.
The centre-right bloc includes Mr Berlusconi's Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party, the eurosceptic League, and Brothers of Italy. Exit polls suggest it could get between 225 and 265 seats - below the absolute majority of 316 required to govern.
Mr Berlusconi, 81, cannot hold public office himself until next year due to a tax fraud conviction.
The four-time prime minister - who has allied himself with the anti-immigrant League party - has backed European Parliament President Antonio Tajani as his choice to lead the country.

Syrian President Bashar al-Assad vowed to continue an offensive in eastern Ghouta near Damascus on Sunday as his forces advanced into the last major rebel enclave near the capital.
The offensive is one of the deadliest in the war and one local insurgent group called it a “scorched earth” campaign.
The government is pressing on despite Western calls for it to abide by a 30-day, countrywide ceasefire demanded by the U.N. Security Council.
“We will continue fighting terrorism ... and the Ghouta operation is a continuation of fighting terrorism,” Assad said in comments to journalists broadcast on state TV.
The advances have forced thousands of civilians to flee deeper into the rebel-held territory, where some 400,000 people live, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a resident said on Sunday.
Government forces need to advance just a few more kilometres (miles) further to split the enclave in two, said a commander in the military alliance that backs Assad. The Observatory said government forces had seized a quarter of the territory.

President Trump has expressed new openness to talks with North Korea over its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs, saying "we will be meeting" as he delivered what was supposed to be a comedic speech at a lighthearted annual gala dinner hosted by Washington journalists.
Officials said later that no meeting has been scheduled, but Trump's apparently unscripted aside seemed to indicate a willingness to negotiate with the government of Kim Jong Un, who Trump has taunted as "little Rocket Man" and threatened with "fire and fury like the world has never seen."
Trump delivered a self-deprecating punchline during a rambling speech Saturday night in front of more than 600 journalists and guests at the Gridiron Dinner at the Renaissance Washington Hotel saying: "I won't rule out direct talks with Kim Jong Un, I just won't. As far as the risk of dealing with a madman is concerned, that's his problem, not mine."
But then he appeared to depart from his written remarks to describe an overture that Pyongyang has extended to Washington, apparently through the government in South Korea.

After a beautiful early March weekend, winter weather will return packing a powerful punch featuring several inches of snow across Wisconsin on Monday into Tuesday, according to forecasters.
Wintry weather is expected to move into southwestern Wisconsin around daybreak on Monday, the Madison area around 10 a.m., and southeastern Wisconsin around mid-afternoon, the National Weather Service said.
As the snow moves slowly east, it may become mixed with rain for a time.
The main push of precipitation is expected during the afternoon and evening, with the mix of rain and snow likely changing to all snow with several inches of slushy accumulation possible.
The snow will diminish to periods of light snow Monday night into Tuesday, with some drizzle or freezing drizzle possible Monday night.
The Weather Service said southern Wisconsin could see 3 to 6 inches of snow, however there is uncertainty regarding the strength of the system and the possibility of mixed precipitation, which means snow totals could be lowers.

Cameron Ross Burgess, a 26-year-old from Alabama, has been identified by D.C. police as the man who died by suicide near the White House on Saturday.
Burgess was from Maylene, Alabama. That's a small community in Shelby County.
Burgess graduated at Auburn University in Spring 2013, a school spokesman confirmed to AL.com. He lived near campus in student housing and previously was registered to vote in Lee County, public records show.
He was a member of the Thompson High School Class of 2009.
Burgess also has lived in Birmingham. Searches of state and federal court records revealed no criminal history except a speeding ticket issued in Tallapoosa County in 2010.
The Secret Service said Burgess shot himself as he stood near the fence on the north side of the White House. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump were in Florida at the time, the Associate Press reported. The president was briefed on the shooting, the White House said.

