
North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, has told South Korean envoys he is willing to negotiate with the United States on abandoning his country’s nuclear weapons, officials from the South said Tuesday. Mr. Kim also said he would suspend all nuclear and missile tests while such talks were underway, they said.
President Trump reacted with guarded optimism to the news, which potentially represented a major defusing of one of the world’s tensest confrontations.
During the envoys’ two-day visit to Pyongyang, the North’s capital, which ended on Tuesday, the two Koreas also agreed to hold a summit meeting between Mr. Kim and President Moon Jae-in of South Korea on the countries’ border in late April, Mr. Moon’s office said in a statement.
“The North Korean side clearly stated its willingness to denuclearize,” the statement said. “It made it clear that it would have no reason to keep nuclear weapons if the military threat to the North was eliminated and its security guaranteed.”
If the statement is corroborated by North Korea, it would be the first time Mr. Kim has indicated that his government is willing to discuss relinquishing nuclear weapons in return for security guarantees from the United States. Until now, North Korea has said its nuclear weapons were not for bargaining away.

A federal ethics agency has ruled that one of President Trump's closest White House aides twice broke the law separating government from politics.
Kellyanne Conway, who was Trump's campaign manager in 2016, advocated for Republican Roy Moore in Alabama's recent Senate election during live television interviews broadcast from the White House lawn.
The Office of Special Counsel found Conway violated the Hatch Act, which bars federal employees from using their office for partisan politics.
OSC is an independent federal ethics agency that has no relationship with Department of Justice special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 election.
In two interviews on the Alabama race, one with Fox News and one with CNN, Conway spoke in front of the White House using her official title, counselor to the president, while repeatedly attacking the Democratic candidate, Doug Jones.
"Doug Jones in Alabama, folks, don't be fooled. He will be a vote against tax cuts. He is weak on crime. Weak on borders. He's strong on raising your taxes. He is terrible for property owners," said Conway in a Nov. 20 appearance on Fox & Friends.
Jones won the election and now represents Alabama in the Senate.

She lost her job as mayor of Nashville, had her rising reputation damaged by a messy two-year affair with her bodyguard and pleaded guilty to theft. But at least Megan Barry has a really good mug shot.
Nashville Mayor Megan Barry resigned from her post after admitting to a 2-year-long affair with her bodyguard. She pleaded guilty to misappropriating city funds. 
The telegenic former chief executive of country music’s hometown was booked Tuesday before she pleaded guilty to misappropriating more than $10,000 in city funds to carry on her scandalous affair with Robert Forrest, who supervised the mayor’s security detail. Barry, 54, announced her resignation soon after.
"While my time as your mayor concludes today, my unwavering love and sincere affection for this wonderful city and its great people shall never come to an end," an emotional Barry said as she resigned.
She concluded: “God bless this wonderful city. I love you Nashville.”
Earlier Tuesday, Barry agreed to reimburse the city $11,000 in restitution, and serve three years of probation after pleading guilty to criminal theft.

When I finally caught up with Sam Nunberg on Monday night, he was immediately upset with me.
"How did I do? Didn't I do great?" he asked.
I did not provide the positive feedback he was looking for, and so he promptly hung up. Having spent time on the fringes of Trump world, I wasn't surprised. It's a world very into instant gratification, attention, and constant validation.
If he'd stayed on the line though, I would've told Nunberg that he did something very important during his Monday media blitz, in which he gave his take on the special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into the Trump campaign and reiterated his refusal to comply with it. (He has now backtracked and says he will cooperate.)
He offered a mirror into Trump's mind.
For those forced to interact with Trump world, Nunberg has always been seen as a Trump whisperer. He was Hope Hicks before Hope Hicks was Hope Hicks. He comes from a long line of tricksters who see politics as a game and do things the way Trump likes them done. He's a protege of Roger Stone.
Stone was a protege of Roy Cohn, who was a protege of Sen. Joe McCarthy, eventually was disbarred, and is the lawyer Trump cries out for— the one he wishes were at his side.

The investigation into the possible poisoning of the Russian spy Sergei Skripal gained new momentum on Tuesday, as Scotland Yard announced its counter-terrorism police would take charge, and the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, promised a “robust” response if the Kremlin’s role in the case was proved.
Skripal was found slumped unconscious on a bench in Salisbury on Sunday afternoon. The woman discovered next to him has been identified as Skripal’s 33-year-old daughter, Yulia. Both remain critically ill and in intensive care after exposure to an “unknown substance”.
The Metropolitan police said that due to the “unusual circumstances” its counter-terrorism unit would now be heading the investigation. The police presence in Salisbury was stepped up on Tuesday, as specialist officers appeared around a police cordon.
Sources close to British intelligence said toxicology tests would be key in the days ahead. They cautioned that other factors or triggers may have been involved. Samples from the scene are being tested at the military research laboratory at Porton Down. Experts have yet to identify the substance.

For the second time in a week, a powerful nor'easter is forecast to slam into the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, promising more power outages and travel headaches.
Though the winds aren't expected to be as strong as last week's storm, snow should be heavier and fall over a larger, more populated area.
"The storm will still pack a punch from New Jersey to Maine,"  AccuWeather meteorologist Alex Sosnowski said. 
Utilities are racing to restore power to tens of thousands of customers in the Northeast still without electricity after last week’s storm, the Associated Press said.
The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning from eastern Pennsylvania and across most of New England from late Tuesday night into Thursday morning. More than 36 million people live where a warning, watch or advisory has been issued.
The combination of heavy snow and strong winds may lead to additional tree damage and power outages, the Weather Channel warned. 
Accumulating snow is forecast to reach Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York City and even Boston, AccuWeather said. Heavy snow, enough to shovel and plow, is projected in a swath from northern Delaware and southeastern Pennsylvania to metro New York City, central Connecticut and central Massachusetts.

Russian President Vladimir Putin, soaring in popularity as he boasts of the country's international power, is all but assured to win re-election in this month's vote.
The Kremlin already barred opposition leader Alexey Navalny from the presidential election, a move that gives Putin an added boost at the polls. Navalny called the election a farce in January. He said, "It will feature only Putin and the candidates which he has personally selected.”
Yet people dare to run against Putin — some serious, some not.
One candidate is a journalist who named her campaign "No Fear" and has criticized Putin. Another candidate, a career politician, once ran a presidential platform that called for cheaper vodka for Russian men and better lingerie for Russian women. And a third candidate received death threats after he criticized Russia's aggressive foreign policy. 

A Perth family has found the world's oldest known message in a bottle, almost 132 years after it was thrown into the sea, Australian experts say.
Tonya Illman picked up the bottle while going for a walk around sand dunes on a remote beach in West Australia.
Her husband Kym Illman told the BBC they found some paper in the bottle but had "no idea" what it was until they took it home and dried it in the oven.
Experts have confirmed it is an authentic message from a German ship.
The note in the bottle, which was dated 12 June 1886, was jettisoned from the German ship Paula, as part of an experiment into ocean and shipping routes by the German Naval Observatory.
Previously, the Guinness world record for the oldest message in a bottle was 108 years, between it being sent and found.

It's been about a week and a half since President Trump took questions from reporters in a formal setting, and in that time the news deluge has been nonstop. Trump will share the stage with Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Löfven and as is traditional, each leader is expected to call on two journalists.
One of the topics Trump is likely to be asked about is his seemingly improvised announcement late last week that he would impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. It is a move that is publicly opposed by leaders in Trump's own party. And, ironically, the Löfven may have more to say about these potential tariffs than most European leaders. Löfven spent most of his career working with, and ultimately leading, trade unions that represent metal workers in Sweden.
In a brief handshake photo opportunity with the prime minister in the Oval Office, Trump was asked about a potential breakthrough with North Korea. He expressed optimism but also added his favorite dodge.
"We have come certainly a long way, at least rhetorically, with North Korea. It would be a great thing for the world. It would be a great thing for the peninsula, but we'll see what happens," he said.

Russian military cargo plane crashed near an air base in Syria on Tuesday, killing all 39 Russian servicemen on board in a blow to Russian operations in Syria. The Russian military quickly insisted the plane was not shot down and blamed the crash on a technical error.
Meanwhile, shelling near the rebel-held eastern suburbs of Damascus killed dozens of people over the past 24 hours as President Bashar Assad's government, supported by the Russian military, pushed its assault on the capital's rebel-held suburbs. International aid workers on a rare humanitarian mission inside the besieged area described dramatic scenes of rescuers trying to pull corpses from the rubble of buildings and children who hadn't seen daylight in 15 days.
The mission on Monday to the area known as eastern Ghouta was cut short after the government shelling escalated while the aid workers were still inside, calling into question future aid shipments to the encircled region, the last major opposition stronghold near the capital.
Opposition activists and a war monitor said 80 people were killed Monday — the deadliest day since the U.N. Security Council demanded a 30-day cease-fire for Syria — and at least nine were killed Tuesday.

There's more bad news about the nation's devastating opioid epidemic.
In just one year, overdoses from opioids jumped by about 30 percent, according to a report released Tuesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The overall increase in opioid overdoses seen in hospital emergency rooms between the third quarter of 2016 and 2017 occurred across the nation. Some parts of the country experienced far greater increases than others while a few reported declines, the analysis shows.
"We have an emergency on our hands," says CDC Acting Director Anne Schuchat. "The fast-moving opioid overdose epidemic continues and is accelerating."
The largest regional increase occurred in the Midwest, which saw a 69.7 percent jump in opioid overdoses, according to the report. The jump was driven in part by a 109 percent increase in Wisconsin. Overdoses increased 40.3 percent in the West, 21.3 percent in the Northeast, 20.2 percent in the Southwest, and 14 percent in the Southeast.
"We saw, sadly, that in every region, in every age group of adults, in both men and women, overdoses from opioids are increasing," Schuchat says.

Two years ago, just one Texas Democrat volunteered to run against Republican Rep. John Culberson in a metro Houston congressional district. This year, not even that failed challenger's double-digit loss could scare seven Democrats away from jumping in the race.
As primary season opens on Tuesday with the Texas vote, Democrats across the country are enjoying a bumper crop of candidates. It's the latest sign of enthusiasm — like massive women's marches and victories in state races around the country — heading into midterm elections that look increasingly hopeful for the opposition party.
But the abundance of volunteers also comes with a reality check: The crowded primaries are giving the party's ideological divide a full public airing and could give party leaders less control over who carries the mantle in November.
Conversations with more than a dozen Democratic candidates, party officials and strategists found confidence that a glut of crowded primaries won't damage the party's overall prospects for a big November. Yet Democrats acknowledged the lively nomination fights could result in victories for candidates with little experience, scant scrutiny or political views that are out of step with general electorate.
