
President Trump’s announcement that he planned to impose steep tariffs on imported steel and aluminum delighted some blue-collar industries he had championed. “Enthusiastic and gratified are probably understatements,” said Michael A. Bless, the president of Century Aluminum.
Behemoth steel buyers like Boeing and General Motors weren’t as pleased. Their shares fell on the news, and the most obvious aluminum dependents — the brewing giants Anheuser-Busch and MillerCoors — warned about the risk of job losses.
But it is people like H. O. Woltz III who feel most vulnerable.
Mr. Woltz is the chairman and chief executive of Insteel Industries, which operates 10 plants from Arizona to Pennsylvania producing steel wire products for concrete reinforcing. He has about 1,000 workers, most without college degrees.
“The jobs that we have are good jobs,” Mr. Woltz said. “Our guys make a lot of money.”
Now his business calculus is being upended. A tariff on imports also allows domestic steel and aluminum producers to charge higher prices, 

Shortly before noon Saturday, a man approached the north fence around the White House, removed a concealed handgun and fired several rounds, according to a Secret Service statement. None of those rounds appeared to have been aimed at the White House, the agency said.
The man then fatally shot himself in the head, the Secret Service said.
Nobody else was injured during the incident, according to authorities.
It happened in an area between the Lafayette Square park and the White House that is popular among pedestrians who use it as a cut-through or as a place to take pictures or protest.
Witnesses told The Washington Post that a crowd of more than 100 was in the area at the time and that people fled after the shots were fired.
The White House was placed on lockdown, and the surrounding area was cordoned off.
President Trump was at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., at the time of the incident.
"We're aware of the incident," said White House deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley from Mar-a-Lago. "The president has been briefed."

A 19-year-old student suspected of fatally shooting his parents at a Central Michigan University dormitory had been acting so strangely the day before the killings that campus police talked to his mother and then took him to a hospital for suspected drug abuse, authorities said Saturday.
University police Chief Bill Yeagley told reporters that James Eric Davis Jr.'s parents had just picked him up from that hospital and brought him to his dorm to pack up for spring break when Friday's shooting happened. He said the gun used in the shooting belonged to Davis' father, James Davis Sr., a part-time police officer in the Chicago suburb of Bellwood.
Yeagley would not say whether the father had brought the gun to the university's campus in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, when picking up his son, but he noted that Davis Jr. can be seen on video in the dorm's parking lot with the gun before he entered the residence hall where his parents were shot around 8:30 a.m.
"We can make a lot of assumptions, but I'm not going to make those assumptions. But I can tell you for sure that the gun came from outside, in the parking lot, with (Davis Jr.) through the building," Yeagley said.
He declined to say whether drugs were found in Davis Jr.'s system. He also would not say what type of gun was used or whether it was Davis Sr.'s service revolver. But he did say that it would have been a violation of campus policy for Davis Sr. to bring a gun on campus because only law enforcement on active duty or those with special permission can do so.

An avalanche at Mammoth Mountain early Saturday forced the closure of the mountain and area ski resorts, officials said.
There were no immediate reports of injuries or missing people, but search and rescue units were activated, officials said.
The ski patrol was conducting avalanche hazard mitigation work when the avalanche occurred about 10:15 a.m. on the upper part of the mountain near the High Five Express chairlift area, Lauren Burke, public relations manager for Mammoth Mountain, said in a statement.
Rescue operations, which included the use of search dogs, were immediately activated.
"Three people were partially buried [in the avalanche], including one Mammoth Mountain employee," Burke said. "The three individuals were able to free themselves without injury."
The area where the ski patrol had been working was closed to skiers at the time of the incident, she said. Falling avalanche debris reached the bottom of the lift and ultimately an area open to the public, Burke said.

Embattled former Senate candidate Roy Moore is making a public plea for help paying the legal fees he faces defending himself from a lawsuit brought by the Alabama woman who says he touched her sexually when she was 14 years old.
In a statement posted on his Senate campaign’s Facebook page, the Republican former judge made the ask in a grievance-filled note, saying that he faced a “vicious attack from lawyers in Washington D.C. and San Francisco who have hired one of the biggest firms in Birmingham Alabama to bring another legal action against me.”
“My resources have been depleted and I have struggled to make ends meet,” Moore wrote, saying that his legal fees could exceed $100,000. “I have had to establish a legal-defense fund, anything you give will be appreciated.”
Leigh Corfman filed a defamation lawsuit against Moore in January, part of an emerging legal strategy of litigating sexual misconduct claims through civil lawsuits when the statute of limitations has expired for criminal charges.

Thousands of people were without power and at least eight were dead Saturday after a Nor'easter blanketed the East Coast with rain and snow on Friday.
Powerful winds and rain from Georgia to New England caused heavy flooding and flight cancellations Friday, but the forecast for Saturday showed a clearer outlook for the weekend. The National Weather Service reported improving conditions "across the Northeast and northern Mid-Atlantic states" as the Nor'east er pulled away from the coast.
More than 387,000 people were still without power in Massachusetts, according to the state's Emergency Management Agency, after initial reports of 450,000 without electricity. Public Service Electric and Gas Company worked to get the lights back on for 14,700 still without power in New Jersey as of 11:30 a.m. ET.
Just hours earlier, heavy winds led to the deaths of eight people in Virginia, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and Rhode Island, authorities said.
Early Friday morning, a tree fell onto a Virginia home and killed 6-year-old Anthony Hamilton while he was sleeping, Chesterfield County Police reported. Later in the day, Putnam County Sheriff Robert L. Langley Jr. in New York said that an unidentified 11-year-old boy died when a tree fell onto his home and trapped him underneath. His mother, who was at home with the child, was hospitalized.

A day after unveiling dramatic new weapons — including a nuclear-powered cruise missile — that sparked talk of a return to Cold War tensions, Russian President Vladimir Putin suggested that he'd reverse the collapse of the Soviet Union if he could.
Putin's comments on the 1991 collapse of the U.S.S.R. — which bound Russia and many of its neighbors while exerting influence in Eastern Europe and abroad for almost seven decades — came at a question-and-answer forum held Friday in Kaliningrad. Taking questions from the audience, the Russian leader was asked what event in his nation's history he would have liked to change.
"The collapse of the Soviet Union," Putin responded, according to the Russian news agency Tass.
Though a fringe idea in the West, regret about the collapse of the Soviet Union is not unusual in Russia — in fact, it is widespread. And with Russian elections just a week away, it's a factor still worth watching.
Russians were asked if they regretted the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The polling agency Levada Center has been asking Russians about their views on the collapse of the Soviet Union since 1992. The most recent numbers, from a survey conducted in November 2017, show that 58 percent of Russians regret the U.S.S.R.'s collapse, while just over a quarter do not.

On an island in the Suez Canal, a towering AK-47 rifle, its muzzle and bayonet pointed skyward, symbolizes one of Egypt’s most enduring alliances. Decades ago, North Korea presented it to Egypt to commemorate the 1973 war against Israel, when North Korean pilots fought and died on the Egyptian side.
But now the statue has come to signify another aspect of Egypt’s ties to North Korea: a furtive trade in illegal weapons that has upset President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi’s otherwise cozy relationship with the United States, set off a painful cut in military aid and drawn unremitting scrutiny from United Nations inspectors.
Egypt has purchased North Korean weapons and allowed North Korean diplomats to use their Cairo embassy as a base for military sales across the region, American and United Nations officials say. Those transactions earned vital hard cash for North Korea, but they violated international sanctions and drew the ire of Egypt’s main military patron, the United States, which cut or suspended $291 million in military aid in August.
Tensions may bubble up again in the coming weeks with the publication of a United Nations report that contains new information about the cargo of a rusty North Korean freighter intercepted off the coast of Egypt in 2016. The ship was carrying 30,000 rocket-propelled grenades worth an estimated $26 million.

Italians who elected a bombastic billionaire businessman and media figure to lead their country are still dealing with the chaotic consequences more than two decades later.
Those across the peninsula who watched the American election in 2016 saw President Trump as a reflection of Silvio Berlusconi, the conservative 81-year-old who has been prime minister four times since 1994.
While Berlusconi reportedly hates comparisons to his American counterpart, the media mogul who once controlled a large chunk of Italy's TV programming has a "bromance" with Vladimir Putin, been accused of authoritarian tendencies, continually finds new scandals to be part of and even jokes about receiving hair transplants.
He is probably best known internationally for the investigation into his "bunga bunga" sex parties, though the case that is currently stopping Berlusconi from running for office is a tax fraud conviction that he says is politically motivated.
His shadow has hung over the country's politics even when he is not in power and his Forza Italia party is expected to garner 17% of the vote in a general election on Sunday where the outcome is uncertain.

A tiger and a sloth bear tangled in a violent struggle in India's Tadoba National Park, and a video recording of the fight is spreading across social media. It was recorded Wednesday (Feb. 28) by Akshay Kumar, the chief naturalist at Bamboo Forest Safari Lodge, who was leading a safari when he came upon the tussle.
Kumar said the tiger is 7-year-old Matkasur, a dominant male that has marked the body of water called Jamun Bodi as its territory, NDTV reports. The female sloth bear was headed to the water with her cub when the tiger attacked. Both the tiger and sloth bear suffered injuries, and the young cub ran away during the fight.

It turns out you can put a price on values.
After Delta Air Lines announced it would end a travel discount for National Rifle Association members, Republican lawmakers in Georgia followed through on their threat to punish the company by repealing a budget provision on Thursday that included a $50 million airline fuel tax exemption, from which the Atlanta-based airline would have saved an estimated $40 million.
But only 13 NRA members actually used the one-time group travel discount for the gun group’s annual meeting in Dallas this May, Delta spokesman Michael Thomas told The Washington Post on Saturday.
That amounts to costing Delta just over $3 million per passenger for the apparently rarely used services, a consequence from public pressure on businesses to cut ties with the NRA following the school shooting in Parkland, Fla. that left 17 people dead on Valentine’s Day.
Police say the gunman used a legally acquired AR-15 — a rifle touted as being American as apple pie by the NRA, the country’s chief gun lobby.

The pending departures of former Hollywood publicists Hope Hicks and Josh Raffel from President Trump’s communications team were the latest signs of upheaval coming from the White House.
They may be seeking an exit from the crises of Washington to calmer experiences in the private sector — but could they return to the cutthroat world of entertainment publicity?
Friends and former associates say that people have reached out to each of them to inquire about their plans. Their tenure in a chaotic atmosphere in DC could prove to be advantageous — proof of being battle tested in the highest-profile environment, not to mention a connection to the White House. However, the polarizing nature of Trump and their close association with him could be a detriment in some circles.
Post-White House gigs haven’t always panned out: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer is currently writing a book, “The Briefing,” but he did not land a spot as a TV pundit despite meeting with the major news networks.
