
Another explosion rocked Austin overnight, injuring two people and heightening concerns for investigators who believe the latest blast may have been triggered by a tripwire.
Last night's detonation came hours after Austin Police Chief Brian Manley urged the suspect or suspects in the string of bombings to turn themselves in and more than doubled the reward for information leading to an arrest to $115,000.
In an interview this morning on ABC's "Good Morning America," Manley said Sunday night's bombing "has a little bit of a different characteristic" from the three previous detonations that killed two people and injured two others.
"There was a description that we may be dealing with a tripwire on this explosive and so out of an abundance of caution we've locked the neighborhood down to keep everybody safe and we're going to go in at sun up this morning and begin processing the post-blast scene," Manley told "ABC World News Tonight" anchor David Muir.
"We do believe, based on what we've seen, that this was a bomb," Manley said at a news conference overnight.
According to St. David’s South Austin Medical Center, the two victims were taken there for treatment and are in good condition.

James B. Comey’s memoir surged to the top of Amazon’s bestseller list over the weekend after President Trump attacked the former FBI director in a string of angry tweets — and the book isn’t even published yet.
“A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership,” due for release on April 17, had already been hovering in the top 20 in the months since going up for preorder. But it got an unexpected bump when Trump lashed out at Comey, jumping from No. 15 on Saturday morning to No. 1 by Sunday evening.
Trump’s decision to fire Comey last May reemerged in the news after Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe Friday night shortly before McCabe’s planned retirement.
Trump tweeted his satisfaction with the move, accusing “Sanctimonious James Comey” of covering up “lies and corruption” in the FBI and leaking information to the media. He also blasted special counsel Robert S. Mueller III’s probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election, which was triggered by Comey’s ouster, saying there should never have been an investigation. (The Washington Post’s Glenn Kessler has given a detailed breakdown of inaccuracies and misleading statements in Trump’s weekend tweetstorm, which also targeted other officials.)

Britain agreed to a potentially unpalatable deal to avoid a “hard border” for Northern Ireland on Monday to win agreement from the European Union that it would retain most EU benefits for nearly two years after Brexit.
Britain's Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis and European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier address a joint news conference in Brussels, Belgium March 19, 2018.
After a weekend of intensive talks under the shadow of Irish fears of “backsliding” by London on a “backstop” accord that Prime Minister Theresa May had rejected, the two sides issued a new, 129-page draft treaty that was awash with green highlighter denoting final agreement on large areas of the legal text.
Michel Barnier, the EU’s chief negotiator, told a news conference with Brexit Secretary David Davis that none of this is legally binding until a whole treaty is ratified before Brexit a year from now. However, he described the agreements as a “decisive” moment for efforts to avoid Britain crashing out without a deal.
“A decisive step remains a step; we are not at the end of the road and there still remains a lot of work to be done, including on Ireland and Northern Ireland,” Barnier cautioned.

A large storm system is moving through the Great Plains on Monday morning bringing unsettled weather from the Dakotas all the way to the southeastern United States.
Yesterday, more than three dozen damaging storm reports were made, most of them in east-central Texas where hail was larger than a baseball. There were also two reported tornadoes in the Texas panhandle and winds of 60 mph or greater in eastern Texas.
On the northern side of the storm, heavy snow fell around Denver, with anywhere from 5 to 10 inches overnight in the metro area.
The storm system is moving east Monday, and is now stretching from the Northern Plains to the Gulf Coast. To the north, snow is falling in the Dakotas while tornado warnings have been issued for part of the Florida panhandle.
The storm system will move further east Monday afternoon, and will pick up moisture from the Gulf of Mexico. Severe storms will break out from Jacksonville, Florida, to Atlanta; Birmingham, Alabama; and into Nashville, Tennessee.
The biggest threat will be huge damaging hail, tornadoes and wind. Flash flooding is also possible.
The biggest threat for tornadoes will be from Nashville to Birmingham and just west of Atlanta this afternoon and evening.

Lawmakers in the U.S. and Britain want Mark Zuckerberg to explain how Cambridge Analytica, the political data firm founded by Steve Bannon and Robert Mercer, harvested private information from over 50 million user profiles.
“It’s clear these platforms can’t police themselves,” tweeted Senator Amy Klobuchar, a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Shares of Facebook are down 5.4 percent Monday morning. The slide wiped more than $28 billion off of Facebook’s market value.
“We think this episode is another indication of systemic problems at Facebook,” said Brian Wieser, an analyst at New York-based brokerage Pivotal Research Group.
What happened: The NYT and The Observer of London reported how Cambridge had collected data from an outside researcher to better target Facebook users. Christopher Wylie, who oversaw Cambridge’s data collection until 2014, told the NYT of his former company, “For them, this is a war, and it’s all fair.”

A Washington, D.C. councilman—and now failed meteorologist—has apologized for pushing a wild conspiracy theory that the recent snowfall in the capital was caused by the Rothschild banking dynasty. As snow began to fall in the city on Friday, Trayon White Sr., a member of the district’s legislative branch, posted a Facebook video in which he insisted the family of Jewish billionaires—and magnet for anti-Semitic conspiracy theories—was intentionally controlling the climate to gain greater control of U.S. cities. “Man, it just started snowing out of nowhere this morning, man. Y’all better pay attention to this climate control, man, this climate manipulation,” White narrated on the video. “And D.C. keep talking about, ‘We a resilient city.’ And that’s a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate to create natural disasters they can pay for to own the cities, man. Be careful.” After initially defending his commentary, White later apologized, telling The Washington Post: “I work hard every day to combat racism and prejudices of all kinds. I want to apologize to the Jewish community and anyone I have offended,” he said. “The Jewish community have been allies with me in my journey to help people. I did not intend to be anti-Semitic, and I see I should not have said that after learning from my colleagues.”

President Vladimir Putin says Russia has spent enough on new weapons to avoid any excessive pressure on the economy in the future.
Speaking to his rivals in Sunday's presidential election that he won by a landslide, Putin promised to focus on domestic issues and raise living standards during his next six-year term.
He vowed Monday not to engage in an arms race, saying that Russia has already spent the bulk of what is needed to create new weapons in previous years. He added that while "we need to finalize some things" it will not involve massive spending and the nation's defense budget will actually decrease this year and in 2019.
Earlier this month, Putin unveiled an array of new nuclear weapons that he said are impossible to intercept.

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says that after victory in Syria’s Afrin region, his country will expand its military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria as well as to Iraq’s Sinjar region.
Speaking at a ceremony for judicial appointments in Ankara, Erdogan said troops would target the Syrian city of Manbij, as well as Ayn al-Arab, also known as Kobani, and other towns along the border to the east of the Euphrates River. Those areas are controlled by U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces and U.S. troops are stationed there.
Erdogan said Turkish troops could also cross into Iraq to drive out Kurdish militants from the region of Sinjar, if the Iraqi government is reluctant to oust militants from the area. Turkey says the region is becoming a headquarters for outlawed Kurdish rebels who have been fighting an insurgency in Turkey’s southeast since 1984.
Erdogan said “one night, we could suddenly enter Sinjar.”
He insisted Turkey had no intention of “invading” Syria, saying it was merely clearing the border area of terrorists.

Britain has evidence that Russia has been stockpiling and creating a deadly nerve agent used in the poisoning of a former Russian spy for the last 10 years, the foreign secretary Boris Johnson has said.
Speaking on The Andrew Marr Show on Sunday, he said: "We actually have evidence within the last 10 years, Russia has not only been investigating the delivery of nerve agents for the purposes of assassinations but has also been creating and stockpiling Novichok."
A statement from the Foreign Office released after Johnson's television appearance said that if the evidence was correct, it amounted to "a violation of the Chemical Weapons Convention".
Speaking on Monday, Johnson went on to say Russian denials of involvement in the attack were growing "increasingly absurd".
However, shortly after winning a new term in a presidential election, Russian president Vladimir Putin denied Moscow's involvement.

China should and will take military action if the U.S. decides to press ahead with legislation designed to encourage high-level contact with Taiwanese officials, according to a report by state media outlet The Global Times.
The legislation, known as the Taiwan Travel Act, came into effect Friday after President Donald Trump signed the bill. China was reportedly angered by the move, as it has long-viewed the self-ruled island as a wayward province.
President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping (R) arrive prior to a meeting on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 8, 2017.
The Global Times, considered a provocative but widely-read mouthpiece for Beijing, quoted Chinese observers who said the country would have no choice but to respond with "counter moves" if the U.S. were to make any moves to elevate its relations with the island. Liu Weidong, a research fellow at the Institute of American Studies of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said the Chinese army would resume its military probes circling the island and send more military vessels and airplanes if any "Taiwan independence" secessionist forces perceive the U.S bill as a pro-independence signal.
The U.S. legislation comes at a time when Trump has recently imposed trade tariffs, has urged China to reduce its massive trade imbalance with the U.S. and has frequently called on Beijing to help resolve tensions with North Korea.

It's now clear that the pedestrian bridge at Florida International University collapsed and killed six people after engineers put it through some kind of "stress testing" earlier in the day. According to Sen. Marco Rubio, the bridge's internal support cables were being "tightened" just as the bridge crumbled onto traffic below, crushing eight cars under 950 tons of concrete and steel.
But no one has yet explained why cars were allowed to drive freely under an incomplete bridge while workers were testing to see if it might fall apart. Now, some local officials are demanding answers.
Miami-Dade County Commissioner Xavier Suarez, who has a background in civil engineering, said he was flabbergasted that SW Eighth Street was not shut down to traffic before or during any stress tests or cable adjustments on the unfinished project.
"Never in my life have I heard of that," Suarez said. "That makes no sense. That makes no sense."

A real-estate venture formerly run by Jared Kushner falsified construction permits for dozens of apartment buildings it owned in New York City, allowing the company to push out rent-controlled tenants and boost profits when it later sold the properties, according to a report by The Associated Press.
In the AP exclusive, the news agency, working with Housing Rights Initiative, uncovered at least 80 such applications for construction in 34 buildings across New York City from 2013 to 2016.
According to the news agency, "the Kushner Cos. checked a box on construction permit applications in 2015 that indicated the buildings had zero rent-regulated tenants." However, "Tax records filed a few months later showed the company inherited as many as 94 rent-regulated units from the previous owner," AP said.
Properties with rent-controlled apartments are subject to greater oversight for construction permits and "possibly unscheduled 'sweeps' on site by inspectors to keep the company from harassing tenants and getting them to leave," the news agency reports.
Bloomberg reports that while Kushner divested some of his assets when he joined the White House, his stakes in three Astoria, Queens, properties that are the focus of the AP report were not among them.
