
The president took to Twitter Sunday morning to criticize the special counsel's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential Trump campaign collusion.
"Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?" Mr. Trump tweeted at 8:35 a.m. ET. "Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!"
Mueller is a Republican, and was named director of the FBI by Republican President George W. Bush. Mueller's investigation is overseen by Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general Mr. Trump nominated himself.
The president has long believed that Mueller's Russia investigation is a partisan effort from Democrats to tarnish his presidency. He's called the probe both a "witch hunt" and a "hoax." Fueling Mr. Trump's aggravation now is the special counsel's latest inquiry: a subpoena to the Trump Organization.

Facebook critics are questioning the social media giant's commitment to transparency and digital ethics after a political intelligence firm under scrutiny from federal investigators allegedly exploited access to up to 50 million personal profiles.
The episode marks another blow to Facebook's reputation during a period of growing scrutiny over Russian use of the platform to interfere in American politics.
"Facebook has been on trial in the past 12 months in the court of public opinion," said Stephen Hahn-Griffiths, chief research officer at the Reputation Institute, which assesses public attitudes. "'Can I still trust Facebook?' is the question the general public is asking themselves."
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said she would launch an investigation because "residents deserve answers immediately."
British politician Damian Collins said Facebook had been "misleading" and "deliberately avoided answering straight questions" during an ongoing investigation. He said he's asking Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg or another leading executive to testify to provide answers.
Facebook confirmed Friday that Strategic Communication Laboratories-owned Cambridge Analytica had obtained profiles accessed by another developer, which had properly gotten them when users signed up for a personality prediction app called "thisisyourdigitallife."

Russian President Vladimir Putin is dismissing British accusations of Russia's involvement in an ex-spy's poisoning as "nonsense," adding that Moscow is ready to cooperate with London in the probe.
Putin on Sunday referred to the attack on ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter as a "tragedy," but added that if the British claim that they were poisoned by the Soviet-designed nerve agent were true, the victims would have died instantly.
He said that it's "nonsense" to think that anyone in Russia could have staged such an attack shortly before Sunday's presidential vote and before the World Cup that Russia is set to host this summer.
In his first comments about the poisoning, the Russian leader said that Moscow was ready to cooperate with Britain in the investigation.

School officials had previously recommended accused Florida gunman Nikolas Cruz should be institutionalized but never acted upon it before the massacre that killed 17 people last month, documents say.
Ex-Broward County Sheriff’s Deputy Scot Peterson and two school counselors recommended in September 2016 that the 19-year-old Cruz should forcibly undergo a mental health evaluation under Florida’s Baker Act, documents obtained by the Associated Press show.
Peterson, a resource officer, resigned from the sheriff’s department after it was revealed he stood outside Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and did nothing to stop when Cruz killed 17 people on Feb. 14.
If Cruz had been committed under the Baker Act, it would have made it difficult for him to buy a gun legally. Individuals are subjected to involuntary commitment under the law.
The documents, provided by Henderson Behavioral Health, do not show why Cruz was never committed. The Baker Act gave Peterson the authority to give such recommendation.
Ex-Broward County Sheriff’s Deputy Scot Peterson and two school counselors recommended in September 2016 that the 19-year-old Cruz should forcibly undergo a mental health evaluation under Florida’s Baker Act, documents obtained by the Associated Press show.

When the Kushner Cos. bought three apartment buildings in a gentrifying neighborhood of Queens in 2015, most of the tenants were protected by special rules that prevent developers from pushing them out, raising rents and turning a tidy profit.
But that's exactly what the company then run by Jared Kushner did, and with remarkable speed. Two years later, it sold all three buildings for $60 million, nearly 50 percent more than it paid.
Now a clue has emerged as to how President Donald Trump's son-in-law's firm was able to move so fast: The Kushner Cos. routinely filed false paperwork with the city declaring it had zero rent-regulated tenants in dozens of buildings it owned across the city when, in fact, it had hundreds.
While none of the documents during a three-year period when Kushner was CEO bore his personal signature, they provide a window into the ethics of the business empire he ran before he went on to become one of the most trusted advisers to the president of the United States.

The record-shattering jackpot was split three ways by Mae and Marvin Acosta from Chino Hills, California; John and Lisa Robinson of Munford, Tennessee; and Maureen Smith, a 70-year-old from Melbourne Beach, Florida.
The Robinsons appeared on NBC's "Today" show before cashing in their ticket. They opted to take their $528.8 million share of the prize in one lump-sum payment of $327.8 million. (Jackpot prize amounts are the annuity jackpots paid out over 30 payments, even though almost all winners chose to take a lesser lump sum of cash).
Smith told the Florida Lottery that she had played the lottery -- and bought tickets with the same six numbers -- for years before winning the jackpot.
The Acostas refused to speak to the media. They assembled a team of advisers and waited six months before claiming the prize.

A Russian ex-spy and his daughter may have been exposed to the deadly nerve agent that nearly killed them through his car’s ventilation system, according to a report Sunday.
Former double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, are still struggling to live after being poisoned with Russian-produced Novichok in Salisbury two weeks ago.
ABC News reported that U.K. officials believe that the toxin was used in a dust-like powdered form and that it circulated through the vents of Skripal’s BMW.
Three intelligence officials said that the Russian military origin and the nature of the “dusty” substance are clear to them, according to the station.
“It is a Cold War substance, something they claimed never to have,” one senior intelligence official told ABC News, referring to Russia.

Turkish-backed Syrian rebels seized control on Sunday morning of the city of Afrin, the target of a two-month military operation against Kurdish militias in the enclave in Syria. The takeover dealt a blow to Kurdish aspirations for self-administration there and added to Turkey’s growing footprint in the country.
The Syrian rebel forces, which have served as advance troops for the Turkish operation, seemed to have entered the city without a fight, after the Kurdish People’s Protection Units, or Y.P.G., withdrew to the surrounding hills. But residents described chaos as fleeing civilians were trapped by artillery and by Turkish airstrikes.
The seizure of Afrin, a mainly Kurdish city near the Turkish border, came as other Syrian rebel groups appeared close to collapse in the besieged enclave of eastern Ghouta, in the suburbs of Damascus. Syrian forces have split the enclave into three parts under a blistering barrage of artillery and airstrikes.

A man approximately 30-year-old was seriously wounded in Jerusalem's Old City on Sunday afternoon after being stabbed multiple times in what security forces confirmed was a terror attack.
The victim was evacuated to Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem where he was said to be in life-threatening danger.
The 28-year-old terrorist, Abd al-Rahman Bani Fadel, who was later confirmed to be a Palestinian from the village of Aqraba near Nablus, was promptly neutralized by a police officer at the scene and pronounced dead.
Fadel, a father of two, had a temporary permit for a week that allowed him to enter Israel to search for employment. He had already received such permits in the past, as there was no indication of his terrorist intentions.
A report on Channel 10 television said Turkish identity papers were found on the body of the terrorist. who carried out his attack on HaGai Street.
“He was fully conscious and didn’t answer any questions when we got to him. He had suffered from serious wounds to his chest and stomach,” said one MDA 

A senior North Korean diplomat left for Finland on Sunday for talks with former U.S. and South Korean officials, Yonhap News Agency reported, amid a series of diplomatic encounters ahead of a possible U.S.-North Korean summit.
North Korea is pursuing its nuclear and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland.
It defends the programmes as a necessary deterrent against a possible U.S. invasion. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea but denies any invasion plans.
Tensions have eased in recent weeks, coinciding with North Korea’s participation in the Winter Olympics held in the South last month.
Choe Kang Il, a deputy director general for North American affairs at North Korea’s foreign ministry, plans to attend the “track 1.5 talks”, according to Yonhap, reflecting planned contact between former U.S. officials and current North Korean ones in a broader bid to end the standoff over North Korea’s weapons programmes.

President Trump made clear early Saturday that he viewed Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to fire former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as a “great day for Democracy.”
“Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI — a great day for Democracy!” Trump wrote on Twitter, before deriding former FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired in May 2017.
Trump's ire did not stop there. After reports on Saturday night revealed that McCabe kept notes of his meetings with Trump, the president dismissed the claim on Twitter and took another shot at Comey.
Comey responded to Trump's earlier allegations via a tweet on Saturday night, saying he would soon share his story and the public "can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not."
The former FBI director has a forthcoming book called "A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership." Set for release on April 17, the book on Sunday had was No. 1 on Amazon's best sellers list based on pre-orders.

A Pennsylvania teenager who was missing for almost two weeks along with the 45-year-old man who frequently signed her out of school without her parents' permission was returned home and the man was in custody after the two were found in Mexico, authorities said.
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 16-year-old Amy Yu and Kevin Esterly in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and they were flown to Miami, authorities said. Police said the girl, who was in good health, arrived on Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown, 60 miles (97 kilometers) northwest of the city. Esterly was awaiting processing in Miami. The married father of four will face a charge of child custody interference when he arrives in Pennsylvania.
The girl's mother, Miu Luu, told The (Allentown) Morning Call that she cried from relief after being told that the pair had been located.
"For two weeks, I've had trouble sleeping and eating," Luu told the paper. "I'm very happy."
They had been missing since March 5, when local police said they bought one-way tickets from Philadelphia to Dallas and then headed to Cancun. Police said they believed the teen went willingly with Esterly, who signed her out of school 10 times in the last few months. The girl had altered her student records to list Esterly as her stepfather, said Gary Hammer, of the Colonial Regional Police Department. Mexican authorities issued an Amber Alert in the case on Thursday.
