
A pedestrian bridge under construction collapsed Thursday, just days after crews had dropped an elevated 950-ton span in place on a signature project that was intended to give Florida International University students a safe route across the busy roadway.
The massive span — in a sudden, catastrophic failure — crashed down across eight lanes of heavily traveled Tamiami Trail, flattening eight cars. The death toll remained uncertain as rescue crews continued to work into the night to reach vehicles but late Thursday Miami-Dade fire chief Dave Downey confirmed at least four people had been killed, including a student from FIU, police sources said.
Nine people had been pulled from the rubble by evening and rushed to Kendall Regional Medical Center’s trauma unit, including two who required immediate surgery. The others sustained injuries ranging from scrapes and bruises to broken bones, which were not considered life threatening. On campus, some families waited for word on missing loved ones.
Even before the dust from the disaster settled, motorists scrambled from their cars to help. At least one woman, Katrina Collazo, was pulled from her half-crushed car, miraculously unscathed.

Stormy Daniels' lawyer claims she was physically threatened by someone. The adult film actress' lawyer, Michael Avenatti, said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" Friday that someone physically threatened his client — but he declined to reveal any names. 
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, is suing Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump's lawyer Michael Cohen in an attempt to dissolve their non-disclosure agreement. Clifford claims the pact is invalid because Mr. Trump didn't provide his signature in a 2016 hush agreement. 
A hearing for the lawsuit has been set for July 12 in Los Angeles. 
The Stormy Daniels saga continues to plague a White House that would much rather not take questions about the story during daily White House briefings. The White House has denied the alleged 2006 affair. 
In February, Cohen admitted to paying $130,000 of his own funds to Clifford in 2016, claiming the Trump Organization had nothing to do with it. But Cohen using a Trump Organization email to arrange the negotiations for the NDA.

It’s Friday. The president hasn’t tweeted yet. But there are three people in Washington who are going to be particularly interested in what he has to say today: John Kelly, H.R. McMaster and Jeff Sessions.
All day, Washington will once again be on pink slip watch, waiting to see if any of the numerous administration officials rumored to be on the chopping block meet the same fate as ousted Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
In the latest round of speculation, two weeks after NBC reported that the administration was preparing for the departure of National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, the Washington Post and the New York Times both report that Trump has definitely decided to oust him and is actively talking about potential replacements.
The White House denies an imminent change, with Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeting last night “Contrary to reports they have a good working relationship and there are no changes at the NSC.” Also mentioned in both stories as being on thin ice with the president are Kelly (who CBS also reports may be on the way out), Sessions, Ben Carson, David Shulkin, and pretty much any other Cabinet official who’s been facing embarrassing headlines in the last few weeks.

Thursday afternoon, The New York Times broke the news that Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether the Trump campaign assisted Russian operation to swing the 2016 election to the president, had issued a subpoena for the Trump Organization’s records. The subpoena reportedly “ordered the Trump Organization to hand over all records related to Russia and other topics [Mueller] is investigating.”
The president has previously implied that he could fire Mueller if the special counsel began investigating Trump’s businesses. As the Times reports, “the subpoena comes as Mr. Mueller appears to be broadening his investigation to examine the role foreign money may have played in funding Mr. Trump’s political activities,” in particular from the United Arab Emirates.  
Former prosecutors and defense attorneys stressed to me that Mueller issuing a subpoena was standard for a white-collar investigation. Although the scope of the subpoena is unknown, given the breadth of Mueller’s inquiry, it was inevitable that he would look for Trump Organization records, given the possibility that doing so might provide evidence that the Trump campaign aided the Russian effort.

Russian president Vladimir Putin is testing Britain a time of isolation and weakness owing to Brexit, according to Lithuania's foreign minister.
Speaking after a meeting with Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, Linas Linkevičius said the poisoning of Sergei Skripal — which has been blamed on Russia — was a test of the UK's strength and diplomatic links as it prepares to leave the European Union.
"Russia is always looking for weak points, and may feel the UK does not feel very strong," he told the Guardian.
"The Russian assumption may be that in the process of Brexit, the UK is weaker in terms of its isolation, and due to Brexit the EU will not be very enthusiastic in backing the UK up.
"Fortunately that is not the case, and we will support the UK, but Russia acts by testing for reactions."
Whatever Russia's intentions, the poisoning of Skripal — a Russian national who worked as a double agent for MI6 — has underlined the strength of Britain's alliances in both Europe and the United States.

All seven service members aboard an American military helicopter that crashed in western Iraq late Thursday were killed, according to two U.S. military officials.
The crash of the U.S. HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter does not appear to be a result of enemy activity and the incident is under investigation, U.S. Central Command and military officials said.
"All personnel aboard were killed in the crash," said U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Jonathan P. Braga, the director of operations for the U.S.-led anti-Islamic State coalition in Iraq and Syria.
The helicopter was used by the Air Force for combat search and rescue, and was in transit from one location to another when it went down Thursday afternoon near the town of Qaim, where where the anti-ISIS coalition has an outpost near the Syrian border.
An accompanying U.S. helicopter immediately reported the crash and a quick reaction force comprised of Iraqi Security Forces and Coalition members secured the scene, according to a statement from CENTCOM.

The Trump administration imposed sanctions on a series of Russian organizations and individuals on Thursday in retaliation for interference in the 2016 presidential election and other “malicious cyberattacks,” its most significant action against Moscow since President Trump took office.
The sanctions came as the United States joined with Britain, France and Germany in denouncing Russia for its apparent role in a nerve-gas attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter on British soil, calling it a “clear violation” of international law. But the joint statement said nothing about any collective action in response.
In his first comment on the poison attack, Mr. Trump agreed that, despite its denials, Russia was likely behind it. “It looks like it,” he told reporters in the Oval Office, adding that he had spoken with Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain.
“We are in deep discussions,” Mr. Trump continued. “A very sad situation. It certainly looks like the Russians were behind it. Something that should never, ever happen. And we’re taking it very seriously, as I think are many others.”

Saudi Arabia's future king has hidden the whereabouts of his mother from his father and the public, according to U.S. officials.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has given his father, King Salman, a number of different explanations for her absence, say 14 current and former U.S. officials who spoke to NBC on condition of anonymity. Among the fabrications he is said to have created is that she is receiving medical treatment abroad.
Years of intelligence have led U.S. officials to believe that the Saudi heir, who is now 32, is concealing his mother's location. The officials say that the crown prince was motivated by a belief that she opposed his ascendancy to the throne and that she would use her position as King Salman's third wife to prevent it.
One source close to the royal family told NBC that the prince was concerned that his mother was trying to "empower her siblings." That allegedly caused a rift between the prince and his mother years ago.

As many as 50,000 people have fled separate offensives against rebel forces in northern and southern Syria in recent days, activists say.
Russian air strikes reportedly killed 31 people in the Eastern Ghouta outside Damascus on Friday, after 20,000 people left the region.
In the northern town of Afrin, where 30,000 people have fled, Turkish shelling killed at least 18 people.
Seven years of war have driven nearly 12 million Syrians from their homes.
At least 6.1 million are internally displaced while another 5.6 million have fled abroad.
More than 400,000 are believed to have been killed or are missing, presumed dead, since the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad began in March 2011.
The foreign ministers of Turkey, Russia and Iran - three countries closely involved in the conflict - have met in the Kazakh capital Astana to prepare for a summit on Syria in Istanbul next month.

President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel meet in Paris to discuss euro zone reform on Friday, their first encounter since her new coalition took office, but they may struggle to find common ground on further change in Europe.
Merkel, narrowly re-elected to a fourth term as chancellor, wants to fulfill her incoming government’s pledge to deliver a “new start” for Europe, while Macron, too, has made euro zone overhaul a key goal since taking power last May.
There is already detailed reform under way in the euro zone, including the creation of a banking union among its 19 member states and plans for a single deposit insurance scheme that would protect individuals’ savings.
However, the appetite for deeper changes, such as Macron’s grand ideas for a separate euro zone budget, a single euro zone finance minister and a dedicated fund that would help countries facing external shocks and imbalances, is limited.
Members of Merkel’s conservative bloc are wary of more comprehensive European integration and shudder at the idea of Germany, Europe’s economic powerhouse, pooling risks and debts with other, less financially fit countries.

As a clandestine officer at the Central Intelligence Agency in 2002, Gina Haspel oversaw the torture of two terrorism suspects and later took part in an order to destroy videotapes documenting their brutal interrogations at a secret prison in Thailand.
On Thursday, Ms. Haspel was named the deputy director of the C.I.A.
The elevation of Ms. Haspel, a veteran widely respected among her colleagues, to the No. 2 job at the C.I.A. was a rare public signal of how, under the Trump administration, the agency is being led by officials who appear to take a far kinder view of one of its darker chapters than their immediate predecessors.
Over the past eight years, C.I.A. leaders defended dozens of agency personnel who had taken part in the now-banned torture program, even as they vowed never to resume the same harsh interrogation methods. But President Trump has said repeatedly that he thinks torture works. And the new C.I.A. chief, Mike Pompeo, has said that waterboarding and other techniques do not even constitute torture, and praised as “patriots” those who used such methods in the early days of the fight against Al Qaeda.

Jeff Flake has a direct message for the Republicans of New Hampshire: Someone needs to stop Donald Trump. And Flake, a Republican senator from Arizona, may stand up against the Republican president in 2020 — either as a Republican or an independent — if no one else does.
"It's not in my plan to run for president, but I am not ruling it out. Somebody needs to stand up for traditional Republicanism," Flake told The Associated Press in an interview. "Somebody needs to raise that, for nothing else than to give people hope that that decent party will be back. We'll get through this."
Flake's comments came on the eve of his first solo political appearance in New Hampshire, the state expected to host the nation's first presidential primary election in less than two years. The 55-year-old Republican will deliver a speech Friday morning entitled "Country Over Party," as part of the esteemed "Politics and Eggs" speaker series at Saint Anselm College.
Flake is among a very small group of Republican elected officials speaking out against the Trump presidency with increasing alarm.
