
The Trump administration on Thursday announced sanctions against 19 Russian individuals and five organizations for meddling in the 2016 elections and for other "destructive cyber-attacks" targeting the U.S. electrical grid and water systems.
President Trump himself did not criticize Russia directly or address the sanctions, which are the strongest such actions by his administration since he took office, when he made comments to reporters after the Treasury Department's announcement.
He simply acknowledged, only when asked by reporters, that he agreed with British Prime Minister Theresa May that Russia was culpable for a separate nerve-agent attack in a British city March 4 that targeted a Russian-born double agent and his daughter and injured other British citizens.
"It certainly looks like the Russians were behind it – something that should never, ever happen," Trump said. He said his administration was taking it "seriously."
The poisoning in Salisbury, England, was "a very sad situation," Trump said, as he sat down to meet with Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar.

The Broward Sheriff's Office today released some surveillance video of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shortly after a gunman opened fire last month, and the sheriff's office says the video "speaks for itself" regarding the actions of the school's embattled former deputy.
The video, which starts at 2:22 p.m. -- one minute after authorities said the shooting started -- shows some students walking in an outdoor passage between buildings at the Parkland, Florida, campus.
An official is seen banging on the door of Building 1, located away from where the shooting was happening. An officer then approaches and talks into his radio, and the official and the officer start to run. They jump into a golf cart which then speeds away.
School resource deputy Scot Peterson’s response to the shooting "speaks for itself," the Broward Sheriff's Office said in a press release today. It was not immediately clear if the officer seen in the video is Peterson.

President Donald Trump repeated his controversial claim on Thursday that the U.S. has a trade deficit with Canada to swipe at Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, a day after boasting about attempting to bluff the Canadian leader on the subject.
"We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive),” Trump said on Twitter on Thursday morning. “P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S. (negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!”
The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative says the U.S. in 2016 had a goods and services trade surplus with Canada of $12.5 billion. And Trump’s own 2018 economic report, which was released last month and signed by the president, also notes that the U.S. runs “a net bilateral surplus only with Canada and the United Kingdom.”
But Trump and his top trade official, USTR Robert Lighthizer, argue that official statistics understate the size of the U.S. trade deficit with Canada as well as with Mexico, because the data doesn't reflect the value of imports from China and other suppliers that first enter the U.S. and are then re-exported to one of the North American neighbors.

In the 2017 series The Disappearance of Natalee Holloway, John Christopher Ludwick made headlines when claiming he helped Joran van der Sloot dispose of the missing teen's body.
Now he, too, is dead.
Ludwick, 32, of Port Charlotte, Fla., a community northwest of Fort Myers, Fla., was stabbed to death Tuesday after he attempted to kidnap a woman from her vehicle in nearby North Port, police said.
Ludwick was roommates with the woman at one point and wanted a romantic relationship with her, but she didn't, North Port police spokesman Joshua Taylor said.
"He essentially ambushed her getting out of her car, going into her home," said Taylor.
The woman was able to wrestle a knife from Ludwick, then stabbed him in the abdomen, police said.
 “It appears that the male subject who has passed was attempting to kidnap a young woman as she exited her vehicle in her driveway. They are familiar with each other,” police said in a statement on Facebook. “A struggle ensued, and he is the one who ended up stabbed. He then fled the area on foot. He was found nearby suffering from the stab wounds.”

The younger sister of convicted mass murderer Dylann Roof — who gunned down nine parishioners at a Charleston, S.C., church in 2015 — was arrested Wednesday on drug and weapons charges after she posted a disturbing message on social media.
Morgan Roof, 18, a student at AC Flora High School in Columbia, was charged with one count of marijuana possession and two counts of carrying a weapon on school grounds, the Richland County Sheriff's Department said, describing the weapons as a knife and pepper spray, according to The State newspaper.
WACH-TV in Columbia reports:
"No students were harmed and [Morgan Roof] has been transported to the Alvin S. Glenn Detention Center.
She [appeared] in bond court Wednesday night, where her bond was set at $5,000, and was charged with carrying weapons on school property. She was also ordered not to [return] to the incident location."
Roof's arrest came after she reportedly posted a message to Snapchat saying that she hoped students participating in Wednesday's walkout of classes to protest gun violence would "get shot" and suggested that only "black people" would be participating in the nationwide protests.

Because irony is dead under President Trump, the first lady will welcome representatives from the leading tech companies to the White House next week to discuss cyberbullying and online harassment—despite her husband’s long, long history of lobbing insults on social media.
“Melania Trump has emerged from hiding,” announced Jimmy Kimmel.
“You know, she hasn’t been seen much since Winter Stormy Daniels has hit D.C., but Melania’s back and planning to meet with representatives from Twitter, Facebook, Google and others to lead the fight against online bullying,” he added. “Apparently the word ‘irony’ doesn’t translate from Slovenian. All she has to do to fight cyberbullying is take a hammer to her husband’s thumbs and phone!”
Last month during a White House luncheon, the first lady remarked, “It is important that, as adults, we take the lead and the responsibility in helping our children manage the many issues they are facing today. This means encouraging positive habits with social media and technology, even limiting time online and understanding the content they are exposed to on a daily basis.”

In a rare joint statement, the United States, France and Germany joined Britain on Thursday in blaming Russia for poisoning a former spy and his daughter, calling the attack “the first offensive use of a nerve agent in Europe" since World War II.
President Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister Theresa May said “there is no plausible alternative explanation” to Russian responsibility.
"It is an assault on U.K. sovereignty and any such use by a state party is a clear violation of the Chemical Weapons Convention and a breach of international law. It threatens the security of us all," the statement said. 
The leaders called on Russia "to address all questions related to the attack," and provide a complete disclosure of the Novichok (nerve agent) program to the world chemical weapons watchdog." the statement said.
The statement comes as Britain seeks international support to hold Russia accountable for the March 4 attack on former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33. Both remain hospitalized in serious condition after they were found slumped on a bench in the city of Salisbury in southern England.
British authorities said they were poisoned with Novichok, a military-grade nerve agent developed in Russia.

He's the new international man of mystery — and even uses a code name.
Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has garnered international intrigue in the months since maneuvering to become next in line for the throne.
Part of that plane was seemingly to hide his mother away — fearing she'd block his power grab last June.
The crown prince has kept his mother's whereabouts a secret from his father, King Salman, for more than two years, NBC News reported Thursday.
The Saudi embassy in Washington denied the report, which added the king was told his third wife was often away for medical treatment.
The crown prince has carved out a unique reputation over the last year, as a reformer with questionable methods — who also loves art.
MBS came to power last June at 31, after serving as deputy crown prince and defense minister.
But he convinced his father, now 82, to drop his cousin, Prince Muhammad bin Nayef, as crown prince in favor of him.
MBS has been credited with reforms such as allowing women the right to drive, and branching out to Silicon Valley.

This year's happiest place on Earth is Finland, according to an annual UN report - toppling Norway from the top spot.
The World Happiness Report measures "subjective well-being" - how happy people feel they are, and why.
Nordic countries regularly appear in the top five, while war-hit countries and a number in sub-Saharan Africa regularly appear in the bottom five.
Burundi was the least happy, taking over from the Central African Republic.
It was thrown into crisis when President Pierre Nkurunziza's bid for re-election to a third term in 2015 sparked protests by opposition supporters who said the move was unconstitutional.
This year's report by the UN Sustainable Development Solutions Network also features data about the happiness of immigrants in their host countries, with Finland also coming top as home to the happiest immigrants.
The country's most famous exports include the cartoon characters called Moomins and the mobile gaming app Angry Birds
"I think everything in this society is set up for people to be successful, starting with university and transportation that works really well," American teacher Brianna Owens, who lives in Finland's second biggest city Espoo, told Reuters news agency.
The survey ranks some 156 countries by their happiness levels, and 117 by the happiness of their immigrants.

A Russian AN-12 transport plane carrying approximately 9 tons of gold blocks, worth hundreds of millions of dollars, lost a third of its cargo as it was taking off from the Yakutsk Airport in eastern Siberia on Thursday.
According to local reports, the plane’s hatch door snapped during liftoff. The bars of doré, a semi-pure alloy of gold and silver, dropped out of the aircraft and onto the runway.
The airport’s press service told Russian news agency Tass the technicians may have failed to properly secure the cargo. After the incident, various pieces of the plane’s fuselage were reportedly found on the ground near the runway—along with dozens of gold and silver bars. 
A police spokesperson said five crewmembers were on the plane and none were hurt in the incident. He confirmed that a "total of 172 gold bars weighing 3.4 tons" dropped out of the plane, reported Tass.
In an official statement, Yakutsk Airport said the plane belonged to Nimbus Airlines and confirmed an investigation is underway to determine the cause of the incident. After the bars fell, the crew members immediately landed the aircraft in nearby Magan Airport and returned to Yakutsk to gather the lost gold.
The cargo belonged to Chukotka Mining and Geological Co., a private company based in Anadyr in Russia and mostly owned by Kinross Gold Corp., a Canadian-based gold and silver mining company.

The devices used in a string of deadly package bombings rocking Austin, Texas are likely "simple" contraptions, the components of which will be key in tracking down the mysterious person behind the porch bombs, experts say.
Since March 2, a trio of package bombs have been detonated, killing Anthony Stephen House, 39, and Draylen Mason, 17, and injuring Mason's mom and a 75-year-old Hispanic woman who has yet to be identified by authorities. In the days since the second and third parcels exploded Monday, authorities have responded to nearly 500 calls reporting suspicious packages in Texas' capital city. So far, however, no new nefarious device has been uncovered.
Austin Police Chief Brian Manley told "FOX & Friends" on Tuesday that whoever is responsible for the blasts likely has a "certain level of skill" to be able to construct the bombs and deliver them without setting off an explosion prematurely.
For weapons experts, the devices probably hold significant clues about the bombmaker.
"As a bomb technician the first thing through my mind is 'How was this made?' And 'Are there any components in the post-blast analysis that allow us to track the person purchasing them,'" Johnny “Joey” Jones, a retired Marine Corps staff sergeant who served in Iraq and Afghanistan as a bomb technician, told "FOX & Friends."
Jones, who lost both of his legs during his final deployment, said it seems likely the devices are either blowing up when they are opened, or blowing up when they are moved.

President Donald Trump's namesake company was reportedly tied to and the $130,000 hush payment made to a porn star prior to the 2016 presidential election to keep her quiet about an affair she claims she had with Trump, according to The Wall Street Journal.
The Journal reported that documents marked "HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL PROCEEDING" tied the Trump Organization to the payment, which was facilitated by Trump's longtime lawyer Michael Cohen.
Trump Organization lawyer Jill A. Martin is listed as counsel in an arbitration filing for the Delaware company that Cohen used to make the payment to porn star Stormy Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford. Cohen, whom NBC News reported last week used his Trump Organization email address in the episode, obtained a temporary restraining order against Clifford to prevent her from speaking about the alleged affair with Trump.
Clifford asked a judge to declare the non-disclosure agreement invalid.
Cohen has said the payment was a private transaction, adding that he acted alone in making it. The White House has sought to distance itself from the scandal. Trump's direct involvement in the agreement is unknown.
