
Tens of thousands of people, outraged by a recent massacre at a South Florida school and energized by the students who survived, are spilling out in public protest in Washington and communities across the world on Saturday as they call for an end to gun violence.
The student activists, many of them sharp-tongued and defiant in the face of politicians and gun lobbyists, have kept attention on the issue in a time of renewed political activism on the left, as they helped lead a national school walkout and pushed state officials in Florida to enact gun legislation. The effectiveness of the students’ efforts will be measured, in part, on the success of Saturday’s events — their most ambitious show of force yet.
Here’s what we’re watching as protests unfurl around the globe:
• More than 800 protests are planned in every American state and on every continent except for Antarctica, according to a website set up by organizers. Here’s a map of planned protests.
• The National Park Service has approved a permit for the Washington march that estimates 500,000 people could attend. Called March for Our Lives, the main event there kicks off around midday, and some of the most prominent student activists from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., where a shooting left 17 dead last month, will speak.
• On Saturday, the White House said in a statement, “We applaud the many courageous young Americans exercising their First Amendment rights today.” On Friday, the Justice Department proposed banning so-called bump stocks, but President Trump signed a spending bill that included only some background check and school safety measures.

President Trump issued an order late Friday that supports a ban on many transgender troops, deferring to a new Pentagon plan that essentially cancels a policy adopted by the Obama administration.
The decision revokes a full ban that Trump issued last summer but disqualifies U.S. troops who have had gender reassignment surgery, as recommended by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
“By its very nature, military service requires sacrifice,” Mattis wrote in a memo to the president that was released Friday. “The men and women who serve voluntarily accept limitations on their personal liberties — freedom of speech, political activity, freedom of movement — in order to provide the military lethality and readiness necessary to ensure American citizens enjoy their personal freedoms to the fullest extent.”
Current transgender service members who have not undergone reassignment surgery should be allowed to stay, as long as they have been medically stable for 36 consecutive months in their biological sex before joining the military and are able to deploy across the world, Mattis recommended.

The heroic French policeman who died Saturday after offering himself as a hostage in a jihadist siege at a supermarket was an elite officer who had been decorated for his bravery in Iraq.
Lieutenant-Colonel Arnaud Beltrame, 45, took the place of a woman who gunman Radouane Lakdim was holding as a final hostage in the Super U store in the quiet southwest town of Trebes on Friday.
A senior officer in the gendarmerie, a police force which is part of the French military, Beltrame hoped to be able to negotiate with Lakdim once the 50 shoppers and staff caught up in the siege had been taken to safety.
He left his telephone on a table to allow authorities to hear what was happening inside.
But Lakdim, who claimed allegiance to the Islamic State group, shot and stabbed him, prompting a police raid that left the attacker dead. Beltrame succumbed to his wounds early Saturday.
President Emmanuel Macron led a flood of tributes to Beltrame, who had served for four years protecting the presidential palace in the 2000s.

Primed for economic combat, President Donald Trump set in motion tariffs on as much as $60 billion in Chinese imports to the U.S. on Thursday and accused the Chinese of high-tech thievery, picking a fight that could push the global heavyweights into a trade war.
China threatened retaliation, and Wall Street cringed, recording one of the biggest drops of Trump’s presidency. But he declared the U.S. would emerge “much stronger, much richer.”
It was the boldest example to date of Trump’s “America first” agenda, the culmination of his longstanding view that weak U.S. trade policies and enforcement have hollowed out the nation’s workforce and ballooned the federal deficit. Two weeks ago, with fanfare, he announced major penalty tariffs on steel and aluminum imports that he said threatened national security.
However, even as Trump was talking tough at the White House, his administration moved to soften the sting of the metal tariffs, telling Congress on Thursday that the European Union, Australia, South Korea and other nations would join Canada and Mexico in gaining an initial exemption. And that raised questions about whether his actions will match his rhetoric.

One schools superintendent has a novel way to keep his students safe from school shooters: arming them with rocks.
David Helsel, superintendent of a school district in northeast Pennsylvania, explained his plan to a legislative education committee last week, drawing a flurry of local media coverage.
"Every classroom has been equipped with a five-gallon bucket of river stone," Helsel explained about his Blue Mountain School District in Schuylkill County outside Harrisburg, Pittsburgh, in a video broadcast by ABC affiliate 16 WNEP. "If an armed intruder attempts to gain entrance into any of our classrooms, they will face a classroom full of students armed with rocks, and they will be stoned."
Helsel's comments come amid a new chapter in the public debate about mass shootings after a man killed 17 people at a high school in Parkland, Florida. Despite polls showing that large numbers of Americans support stricter gun-control measures, Congress has thus far not produced any significant legislation, and schools and other officials have looked to other solutions. President Trump floated an NRA-backed idea to arm teachers.
Helsel told local news reporters that students in his district routinely drilled on shooter simulations and were given active shooting training through a program known as ALICE, short for Alert, Lockdown, Inform, Counter, Evacuate.

Mexican authorities said there are no indications of violence in the deaths of four members of an Iowa family found in a condominium where they were vacationing near the resort town of Tulum.
The Mexican Embassy in Washington, D.C., and the office of the attorney general for the state of Quintana Roo on Mexico's Caribbean coast both told NBC News that no indications of a struggle or crime were found on the bodies or in the condominium where the Sharp family was staying.
"So far, no signs of violence have been found," said Paulina Chávez Alonzo, spokeswoman for the embassy. She offered the Mexican government's "deepest condolences to the family and friends of the Sharps."
The office of the state attorney general was investigating the deaths. An official in the office said the bodies of the parents were found in bed while those of the children were discovered in front of a television. A police official in the Sharps' hometown of Creston, Iowa, said the department was "not releasing any information until we get autopsy reports back."

President Donald Trump is preparing to expel dozens of Russian diplomats from the U.S. in response to the nerve-agent poisoning of a former Russian spy in the U.K., two people familiar with the matter said Saturday.
Trump agreed with the recommendation of advisers and the expulsions are likely to be announced on Monday, the people said, though they cautioned that Trump’s decision may not be final. Trump is prepared to act but wants to be sure European allies will take similar steps against Russia before doing so, aides said.
The U.S. considers the diplomats to be undeclared spies, carrying out intelligence activity under the guise of being embassy staff, one of the people said. Trump’s action would follow a similar move by British Prime Minister Theresa May, who ordered 23 Russians that she said were spies to leave Britain over the poisoning of a former Russian spy and his daughter.
The advisers reached recommendations for a U.S. response to the U.K. attack at a National Security Council meeting on Wednesday and honed the proposals on Friday. Trump discussed the issue Friday with U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Defense Secretary James Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, outgoing National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and others, two people said.

Egypt’s General Command of the Armed Forces has made arrangements to assist the Interior Ministry to secure the presidential elections across Egypt and provide a safe environment for citizens to cast their votes during March 26-28.
“The armed forces are involved in securing the electoral process with its elements in coordination with the bodies of the Interior Ministry, and the Supreme Elections Authority and all the concerned bodies in the state,” the spokesman of the armed forces, Tamer Refaei, said in a statement on Facebook.
“The General Command of the Armed Forces is keen to ensure that all participating forces understand the tasks assigned to them to protect the citizens and to address all the threats that can be faced while securing polling stations and centers. The forces have been trained on how to assist citizens and act in response to emergency situations in cooperation with the police forces and security elements in the vicinity of electoral committees,” he continued.

High-ranking officials from North and South Korea will meet on the countries’ border next week to prepare for the inter-Korean summit meeting planned for late next month, the South said on Saturday.
The officials will discuss the agenda for the meeting between President Moon Jae-in of South Korea and Kim Jong-un, the North’s leader, the South’s Unification Ministry said in a statement. That summit meeting, which both sides have agreed to hold in late April, is expected to be followed within weeks by a meeting between Mr. Kim and President Trump.
Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon will lead the South’s delegation to the talks next week, which will be held Thursday on the North Korean side of Panmunjom, the so-called truce village that straddles the border. The North’s delegation will be led by Ri Son-kwon, one of the senior North Korean officials who visited the South during the Winter Olympics last month, part of the stage-setting for the current détente between the Koreas after a year of high tension over Pyongyang’s nuclear program.
The North on Saturday accepted the South’s proposal to meet at Panmunjom, the Unification Ministry statement said.

Investigators with Britain's information commissioner searched the London headquarters of Cambridge Analytica on Friday amid reports that the firm harvested the personal data of millions of Facebook users as part of a campaign to influence the U.S. 2016 presidential elections.
The move comes after a British High Court judge granted a warrant to the data watchdog Information Commissioner's Office, allowing its investigators to search the firm's offices.
The search is reported to be part of a broader investigation into possible ties between Cambridge Analytica and the campaign for the U.K. Brexit referendum.
The BBC reports,
"Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham has said she was looking at whether personal data was acquired in 'an unauthorised way', whether there was sufficient consent to share the data, what was done to safeguard it and whether Facebook acted robustly when it found out about the loss of the data."
The search was conducted by more than a dozen people wearing jackets identifying them as ICO personnel, according to The Associated Press.

Just hours after threatening a veto, President Trump said Friday afternoon that he had signed a “ridiculous” $1.3 trillion spending bill passed by Congress early Friday, averting a government shutdown.

In a morning tweet, Trump said he might veto the omnibus bill because it did nothing to address the fate of young undocumented immigrants known as “dreamers” and did not fully fund his border wall.
But speaking to reporters at the White House about four hours later, Trump said he had decided to sign the bill despite his reservations, arguing that it provides much-needed funding for the military, including a pay increase for troops and new equipment.
“My highest duty is to keep America safe,” Trump said. “We need to take care of our military.”
Still, he voiced disdain for the hasty way the bill was passed.
“I say to Congress, I will never sign another bill like this again,” Trump said, also calling on Congress to give him a line-item veto, a tool that the Supreme Court has said is unconstitutional for a president.

On the day this week that he released a photograph of Stormy Daniels, his porn-star client, taking a polygraph, Michael Avenatti was pressed on CNN to explain the significance of a test that typically is inadmissible in court. “Does it help your legal case, actually?” Anderson Cooper asked.
Avenatti, a racecar-driving lawyer from California, met the question with a shrug. While it was unclear to Cooper, the audience in Stormy Daniels v. Donald J. Trump is sometimes not a judge or jury, but viewers at home.
“Well, I don’t know that it helps our legal case,” Avenatti said, appearing on a split screen beside the grainy, years-old image of Daniels. “But we want the public to have as many facts as possible at their disposal.”
Ever since Daniels sued President Donald Trump this month—claiming she had an intimate affair with him in 2006 and 2007 and that a nondisclosure agreement created before the 2016 election is invalid—Avenatti has tormented the administration with a steady drip of half-revelations about Daniels’ relationship with the president, usually with an appeal to tune in for his client’s 60 Minutes interview on Sunday to hear more. Late Thursday night, he tweeted an image of a DVD and hinted that it contained information damaging to the president. He wrote, “If ‘a picture is worth a thousand words,’ how many words is this worth?????” 
