
Sunday night on "60 Minutes," a former porn star who is suing the President of the United States of America will tell reveal details about her story involving Donald Trump and an affair she claims they had in 2006 and 2007. It's a remarkable sentence to write, and it should be a remarkable story to hear when Stormy Daniels gives her interview to Anderson Cooper at 7 p.m. ET Sunday night on CBS.
There is, oddly enough, a connection to the NFL in this unexpected story. Daniels' attorney, Michael Avenatti, has actually sued the NFL on multiple occasions. 
Avenatti first migrated into the NFL's spectrum following the 2011 season and the seat fiasco from Super Bowl XLV. Essentially there were around 1,000 fans who purchased tickets to the game but did not have seats when they arrived to the new Cowboys Stadium. Avenatti led the lawsuit against the NFL on that front.
In 2016, Avenatti claimed that the NFL spent more than $20 million defending itself from the seat lawsuit.
Avenatti was also involved in a lawsuit against the NFL in which he sued the league after the NFL canceled the Hall of Fame game back in 2016. Fans who planned to attend the game felt misled about how things went down and were quite angry. Avenatti gathered a group of them to file a lawsuit against the NFL. 

President Trump has decided not to hire two lawyers who were announced last week as new additions to his legal team, leaving him with a shrinking stable of lawyers as the investigation by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, enters an intense phase.
“The president is disappointed that conflicts prevent Joe diGenova and Victoria Toensing from joining the president’s special counsel legal team,” Mr. Trump’s personal lawyer, Jay Sekulow, said in a statement on Sunday morning. “However, those conflicts do not prevent them from assisting the president in other legal matters. The president looks forward to working with them.”
The upheaval on the legal team comes at a critical time for Mr. Trump. The president’s former lead lawyer, John Dowd, quit the team on Thursday, just as Mr. Trump is deciding whether to sit with Mr. Mueller for an interview. At the moment, Mr. Sekulow is the president’s chief outside lawyer, as Mr. Trump’s longtime New York lawyer, Marc E. Kasowitz, remains on the periphery.
While Mr. Trump’s lawyers, including Mr. Dowd, had told the president that the investigation would be over by this point, it seems to be accelerating, as Mr. Mueller appears to be looking into a wide range of matters related to Mr. Trump’s corporate activities, his 2016 campaign, his associates and his time in office.

It was the biggest gun control protest in a generation. Hundreds of rallies were staged across the US and beyond as marchers filled the streets calling for the implementation of tighter measures following the deadly mass shooting at a Florida school in February.
That incident not only ignited the #NeverAgain movement, but also Saturday's mass demonstrations, which took place under the banner of March For Our Lives and were led by a rally in Washington DC attended by some 200,000 demonstrators, according to CBS News.
With events not just in the US but as far afield as London, Paris, Mauritius, Tokyo, Stockholm, Sydney, Geneva and Berlin, the day was made up of powerful messages delivered by articulate students and children, most of whom have already in some way experienced gun violence.

At least 37 people are confirmed to have died in a fire that tore through a shopping centre in the Siberian city of Kemerovo.
Dozens more people, children believed to be among them, are missing, according to Russian media.
The blaze started on an upper floor of the Winter Cherry complex and many of the victims were in a cinema.
Video posted on social media showed people jumping from windows to escape the flames on Sunday.
Smoke billowed from windows as fire crews worked to evacuate the property.
Kemerovo, a key coal-producing area, lies about 3,600km (2,200 miles) east of Moscow.
The cause of the blaze is not yet known but authorities have launched an investigation.

Former GOP Pennsylvania senator and presidential candidate Rick Santorum said Sunday that students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, should have responded to the massacre of their classmates by “taking CPR classes” instead of “looking to someone else to solve their problem.”
When he made the comments, duringan appearance on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Santorum was arguing that gun laws wouldn’t make schools safer on their own, and he said the students should instead focus on ways to help respond to a mass shooter instead of advocating for tougher laws.
“How about kids, instead of looking to someone else to solve their problem, do something about maybe taking CPR classes or trying to deal with situations [so] that when there is a violent shooter, that you can actually respond to that?” he said during a panel discussion.
Santorum’s comments came a day after hundreds of thousands of people, including high school students from around the country, protested at the March for Our Lives in Washington and at satellite marches around the country. Students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School organized the march to advocate for stricter gun control laws.

Former President Barack Obama talked about his future plans for his post-presidency life at a conference Sunday in Japan, addressing how he might shape "a million" new, young leaders in his mold.
The wide-ranging discussion repeatedly touched on the Obama Foundation's efforts to engage the digital space to help young people in the U.S. and across the world get connected.
"If I could do that effectively, then -- you know -- I would create a hundred or a thousand or a million young Barack Obamas or Michelle Obamas," Obama said. "Or, the next group of people who could take that baton in that relay race that is human progress."
During the discussion, Obama acknowledged the great potential that young people have in making a difference, pointing to the March for Our Lives anti-gun violence demonstrations, led by high schoolers, in Washington, D.C., and around the globe. He also knocked "old men" in power.
"A lot of our problems are caused by old men. No offense, men, who are old," he quipped.
The former president bemoaned the current news and social media environments in which people are too easily able to find news that fits their personal narratives and signaled that he is seeking a way to create a more productive forum.

One day after a French police officer was killed by a gunman in a hostage exchange, a man was arrested for seemingly celebrating Lt. Col. Arnaud Beltrame's death on Twitter and Facebook.
"Every time a police officer is killed, and it's not every day, I think of my friend Rémi Fraisse," Stéphane Poussier, a onetime candidate in legislative elections in Northwestern France, tweeted, according to French media. "This time it was a colonel — how great!"
Poussier's Twitter account has since been deleted.
Fraisse was a 21-year-old conservationist who died after police threw a stun grenade during clashes at a 2014 protest against a dam project. Fraisse's death outside Toulouse, sparked protests across the country. A French court found the officer who threw it did not intend to kill Fraisse.
"Last night I dreamed of Rémi Fraisse ... He said he was happy to welcome a colonel from the gendarmerie!" Poussier said in a Facebook post Saturday.

Protests have broken out across Catalonia as former leader Carles Puigdemont spends the night in a German prison.
Mr Puigdemont, who is wanted in Spain for sedition and rebellion, was detained by German police acting on a European arrest warrant.
Thousands of his supporters have turned out in Barcelona and other nearby cities to protest his arrest.
Mr Puigdemont will appear before a German judge on Monday.
He was detained while crossing from Denmark on his way to Belgium, where he has been living in self-imposed exile since Catalonia's parliament unilaterally declared independence from Spain in October.
Catalan crisis in 300 words
A European warrant for his arrest was reissued on Friday.

At first, they were weeping teenagers, survivors of one of the world’s deadliest school massacres. But as the students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High try to turn their tragedy into a catalyst for strengthening America’s gun laws, they have also encountered scathing criticism from others skeptical of their activism.
The students have been called disingenuous crisis actors. Some have said that the students’ pain has been hijacked by the far left, or that they are parroting talking points from an anti-Trump FBI. All that comes on top of the scornful question often directed at the nation’s youngest activists: Are you even old enough to wade into some of society’s thorniest issues?
But a day after thousands of youths marched across the nation, an 81-year-old from Argentina who happens to be the supreme pontiff of the worldwide Catholic Church sent a message to them and other young people speaking up about the state of the world:
Keep shouting.
Pope Francis delivered the Palm Sunday message in St. Peter’s Square in front of tens of thousands of people — including young people who were there for the Catholic Church’s World Youth Day.

A rare phenomenon that occurs just once about every five years is turning the snow orange in eastern Europe.
The orange snow is a result of sand storms from the Sahara Desert mixing with rain and snow, according to the BBC.
People have taken to social media to post photos of the orange-tinted snow, which is falling in countries like Russia, Ukraine, Bulgaria and Romania. Skiers posted photos of the colored snow at a resort near Sochi, Russia.
Steven Keates, a meteorologist who works for the U.K.’s national weather service, known as the Met Office, told The Independent that the orange snow is caused by sand being lifted up into the upper layers of the atmosphere and spreading out due to the wind and weather patterns.
“There has been a lot of lifted sand or dust originating from North Africa and the Sahara, from sand storms which have formed in the desert,” he explained to the U.K. newspaper. “Looking at satellite imagery from Nasa, it shows a lot of sand and dust in the atmosphere drifting across the Mediterranean. When it rains or snows, it drags down whatever is up there, if there is sand in the atmosphere.”

An Iowa family found dead in a vacation condo in Mexico died from inhaling toxic gas, but there was no sign of foul play or suicide, Mexican authorities said Saturday.
The type of gas hadn't yet been determined, but "any violent act or suicide has been discounted,” the prosecutors' office in the Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo said.
The office said investigators "carried out a physical investigation of the gas connections in the room," and the civil defense office of Tulum would issue a technical report on the findings.
The office said investigators "carried out a physical investigation of the gas connections in the room," and the civil defense office of Tulum would issue a technical report on the findings.
A spokeswoman for the office of Iowa state Attorney General Tom Miller would not comment on whether the owner of the condo could face legal consequences in connection with the deaths, Reuters reported.

Facebook Inc. hasn’t been “fully forthcoming” as Congress probed Russia’s attempted meddling in the 2016 presidential election, U.S. Senator Mark Warner of Virginia said Sunday as the social-media giant faced continued fallout from an ongoing data crisis.
Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that he questioned “the use of this really sketchy firm Cambridge Analytica,” but Facebook “blew that off” as they did other concerns over Russia’s actions.
The political firm, which consulted on President Donald Trump’s campaign, siphoned data from some 50 million Facebook users as it built an election-consulting company that boasted it could sway voters in contests all over the world. Facebook also came under scrutiny last year after the revelation that Russians had used the site in its attempts to affect the 2016 election.
Facebook took out ads in U.S. and U.K. newspapers on Sunday apologizing for not doing more to prevent the leak of customer data and detailing fixes it has made over the years, including recently.
The revelation of Cambridge Analytica’s action has caused days of fury for Facebook and its co-founder and chief executive officer, Mark Zuckerberg. Two congressional committees have invited Zuckerberg to testify, and he has said he’d agree if he is the right person to appear.
