
The suspect in the spate of bombings in Austin, Texas is dead, Austin police say. Police Chief Brian Manley told reporters early Wednesday the man detonated a device in his vehicle after being pursued by police early Wednesday morning.
Two law enforcement sources identified the suspect to CBS News as 23-year-old Mark Anthony Conditt.  A federal law enforcement source tells CBS News that there are about 12 ATF explosives detection K9 teams doing sweeps at locations connected to the bombings Wednesday.
Manley said the suspect's identity wouldn't be officially released until the medical examiner confirmed it and his next of kin are notified. Manley said authorities are still searching for a motive.
Governor Greg Abbott, speaking to local television station KXAN, said investigators knew who the suspect was for about 24 hours before his arrest and had been following him.
"We knew we were going to be able to apprehend him, we just didn't know when," Abbott said.
He said witnesses spotted a person entering a FedEx store wearing a "crazy" disguise, including a blond wig and gloves, and called police. KEYE obtained pictures from surveillance video taken inside a South Austin FedEx Office store Sunday night, where the person shipped two suspicious packages.

On Tuesday morning, Facebook employees were quiet even for Facebook employees, buried in the news on their phones as they shuffled to a meeting in one of the largest cafeterias at the company’s headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. Mark Zuckerberg, their chief executive officer, had always told them Facebook Inc.’s growth was good for the world. Sheryl Sandberg, their chief operating officer, had preached the importance of openness. Neither appeared in the cafeteria on Tuesday. Instead, the company sent a lawyer.
The context: Reports in the New York Times and the Observer the previous weekend that Cambridge Analytica, the political consulting firm that advised President Trump’s electoral campaign on digital advertising, had effectively stolen personal information from at least 50 million Americans. The data had come from Facebook, which had allowed an outside developer to take it before that developer shared it with Cambridge Analytica.
Facebook tried to get ahead of the story, announcing in a blog post that it was suspending the right-leaning consultancy and that it no longer allowed this kind of data sharing. Its users—a cohort that includes 2 billion or so people—weren’t ready to forgive. The phrase #DeleteFacebook flooded social media. (Among the outraged was WhatsApp co-founder Brian Acton, who in 2014 sold Facebook his messaging app for $19 billion.) Regulators in the U.S. and Europe announced they were opening inquiries. The company’s stock fell almost 9 percent from March 19-20, erasing about $50 billion of value.

China is preparing to hit back at trade offensives from Washington with tariffs aimed at President Donald Trump’s support base, including levies targeting U.S. agricultural exports from Farm Belt states, according to people familiar with the matter.
The plans are part of a strategy that has taken shape in recent weeks as China seeks to avert tariffs by warning of possible repercussions and offering incentives to the U.S., including better access to China’s markets, especially in the financial sector.
China’s President Xi Jinping has taken this carrot-and-stick approach in an effort to avoid a trade war, these people said.
“Any Chinese response to new U.S. tariffs would be measured and proportional,” said a Chinese official involved in policy-making.
The White House plans to announce punitive measures against China on Thursday, including tariffs on at least $30 billion in imports. Those are in addition to the steel and aluminum tariffs taking effect Friday.

The foreign secretary has agreed that President Putin is using the World Cup in Russia as a "PR exercise" akin to how Hitler used the 1936 Olympics.
Labour MP Ian Austin put it to Boris Johnson that the Russian president wanted to "gloss over [his] brutal corrupt regime".
Mr Johnson replied: "I'm afraid that's completely right, completely right."
He added that he would have an "urgent conversation" with Russia about the safety of fans at the tournament.
The foreign secretary said it was of "crucial importance" in light of 23 British diplomats being expelled from Russia - including the individual responsible for football fans.
The exchange came as the Foreign Affairs Select Committee discussed the Salisbury spy attack.
Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia remain in a critical condition in hospital after being poisoned with the Russian nerve agent Novichok.
The former military intelligence officer and his daughter were found slumped on a bench and unconscious on 4 March.

Spring may have sprung on the calendar, but it's still winter on the East Coast. The first round of snow fell late Tuesday from the Washington, D.C., area north. But the real storm will start to hit around 8 a.m. in the Washington area and then move into the Philadelphia area between 10 a.m. and noon and into New York City between noon and 3 p.m.
CBS News weather producer David Parkinson says it's going to be wet, heavy snow, but there will be a cutoff north of the Interstate 95 corridor, and the major cities could be spared the worst. Parkinson estimates New York City and Washington could get around 3 inches of snow and Philadelphia could see 6 inches. But the Washington suburbs could get 6-12 inches as could the New York and Philadelphia suburbs.
Boston, already battered by the previous nor'easters, will still be dealing with snow Thursday morning. The city could expect anywhere from 3-6 inches with Massachusetts' south shore and Rhode Island getting an estimated 6-12 inches.
The executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey says air travel in the New York City area will be "severely, severely affected by this storm."

The National Weather Service has issued a flood advisory for southern Santa Barbara and western Ventura counties in California as a strong Pacific storm moves through.
The weather service says rainfall rates with a band of rain at midmorning Wednesday have been close to a half-inch (1.14 centimeters) an hour and recent wildfire burn areas will likely experience mud and debris flows.
During a January storm, Montecito on the south coast of Santa Barbara County was devastated by massive debris flows that killed 21 people and left two others missing.
Rain from a powerful Pacific storm is falling across areas of central and southern California at risk of mudslides but there are no reports of problems like significant flooding or debris flows.

Israelis awoke early Wednesday to blaring headlines and dramatic video of Israeli warplanes destroying a reactor in Syria that could have produced nuclear weapons fuel, in an audacious covert operation code-named Outside the Box.
But it was like waking in a time warp. The attack on the reactor, which was supplied to Syria by North Korea, took place more than a decade ago — around 2 a.m. on Sept. 6, 2007.
Accounts of the strike appeared long ago in international news media, and former President George W. Bush wrote of it in his memoir published in 2010. But Israel had barred the Israeli media from reporting on it until now, though news organizations had fought for years to have the ban lifted.
The censorship was originally meant to allow Israeli and Syrian deniability, avoiding the kind of blatant humiliation that might push the Syrian leader, President Bashar al-Assad, into retaliating.

Boko Haram Islamic extremists brought back nearly all of the 110 girls they had kidnapped from a boarding school last month, dropping them off in the middle of the night Wednesday with a warning: "Don't ever put your daughters in school again."
Several of the girls interviewed by The Associated Press said they had been traveling for days before the convoy of vehicles arrived in the center of the town of Dapchi around 2 a.m. Residents who had fled upon hearing that Boko Haram was headed their way watched from hiding as dozens of girls descended from the vehicles apparently unharmed.
"We were freed because we are Muslim girls and they didn't want us to suffer. That is why they released us," said Khadija Grema, one of the freed girls who said a Christian classmate remained captive.
The extraordinary development brought elation to most of the families, but more heartache for the relatives of the nine girls still unaccounted for. The sister of one of the girls still being held captive fainted Wednesday upon hearing news that she was not among those freed.

Mark Meechan stared at the camera and described the training he had given to his girlfriend’s pug, Buddha.
“My girlfriend is always ranting and raving about how cute and adorable her wee dog is,” he said in his Scottish brogue. “And so I thought I would turn him into the least cute thing I could think of, which is a Nazi.”
Then Meechan asked the dog the same question, again and again: “Buddha, do you want to gas the Jews?”
For nearly two years, the video, which includes a scene of a pug staring obediently at a speech by Adolf Hitler, has raised questions about the murky line between offensive satire and hate speech that normalizes Nazism.
The Nazi pug video has been blasted by outraged Jewish leaders and defended by satirists who likened Meechan’s prosecution to censorship in the George Orwell novel “1984.”

President Trump announced two weeks ago that he would hold an unprecedented summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. On Tuesday, Trump reminded us just how awry that meeting could go.
The Washington Post is reporting that Trump was given key talking points for his call with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday and that he disregarded just about all of them. He was not supposed to congratulate Putin on his allegedly unfair and undemocratic reelection win — his notes even had “DO NOT CONGRATULATE” in all caps — and yet he did. And he was supposed to condemn Russia’s alleged role in the nerve-agent attack on a former Russian spy in Britain, and yet he did not.
The episode crystallizes Trump’s tendency to eschew basically any expert guidance — even on issues of huge import. That certainly has implications for U.S. relations with Russia and for efforts to combat Russian interference in U.S. elections. On the latter, Trump has declined to take a harsh tone and has even suggested that he believes Putin’s denials. But, more immediately, it has huge implications for Trump’s impending meeting with Kim.

A military analyst for Fox News said Tuesday that he was quitting the network because he believed it had turned into a propaganda machine for President Donald Trump's administration.
Ralph Peters, a retired U.S. Army officer, said he told Fox at the beginning of the month that he did not want his contributor contract renewed.
"Over my decade at Fox, I was long proud of the association," Peters wrote in an email that was distributed to colleagues at Fox News, and first reported by BuzzFeed News. "Now I am ashamed."
Fox said in a statement that the network did not want attributed to a specific spokesperson that Peters was entitled to his opinion, "despite the fact that he's choosing to use it as a weapon in order to get attention." Fox said it was proud of its opinion programming and prime-time hosts.
Peters said he believed Fox had "degenerated from providing a legitimate and much-needed outlet for conservative voices to a mere propaganda machine for a destructive and ethically ruinous administration."

Republicans, looking to mitigate the embarrassment of a neo-Nazi grabbing the party’s nomination in an Illinois congressional race, are considering an independent or write-in campaign for an alternative candidate.
“Arthur Jones is not a real Republican — he is a Nazi whose disgusting, bigoted views have no place in our nation’s discourse,” said Tim Schneider, the Illinois Republican Party chairman, in a statement.
“We are exploring all of our options, but under no circumstances will we support this candidate,” said Jesse Hunt, a spokesman for the National Republican Congressional Committee.
“Obviously, the Speaker stands with the RNC, NRCC, and Illinois GOP in denouncing this individual in the strongest possible terms,” said Jeremy Adler, a spokesman for House Speaker Paul Ryan’s campaign operation. “His views are repugnant and they have no place in our party.”
