Two students were critically injured and a gunman died in a shooting at Great Mills High School in Southern Maryland Tuesday morning as classes began, according to the Saint Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office.
The gunman who was a student at the school 70 miles south of Washington, D.C. opened fire in a hallway shortly before classes began around 8 a.m., striking a female and male student, said Sheriff Timothy K. Cameron.
Students and staff quickly notified an armed school resource officer, who pursued the shooter and fired a single shot at him, Cameron said at a press conference around 11:30 a.m. The shooter fired back.
The shooter and the two students were rushed to local hospitals in critical condition. The shooter, who was not identified, was pronounced dead at 10:41 a.m., Cameron said.
“On this day, we realized our worst nightmare,” Cameron said. “Our children were attacked in a bastion of safety...The notion that it can’t happen here is no longer a notion.”

A package that exploded early Tuesday at a FedEx center near San Antonio was being looked at by officials involved in the investigation into a series of deadly explosions in Austin, Tex.
The latest explosion, in Schertz, Tex., occurred at about 12:30 a.m. local time, and injured one employee, who was not seriously hurt, local law enforcement officials said. The F.B.I. and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, or A.T.F., joined local agencies at the scene.
A law enforcement official said that the package was addressed to Austin and was believed to be connected to the other packages under investigation. It contained shrapnel like the other packages, the official said.
The police in Schertz said that the package had been in the sorting area of the facility and that one person was treated at the scene and released. FedEx said that the package had exploded in one of its ground sorting facilities and that the person who was treated was one of its employees.

Winter Storm Toby will spread yet another swath of snow, not to mention wind and coastal flooding, into the East through Thursday, the fourth nor'easter in less than three weeks and potentially one of the heaviest snowstorms this late in the season along parts of the I-95 corridor.
Rain quickly changed to snow by late Tuesday morning not only in the central Appalachians, but also in lower elevations of the mid-Atlantic states.
Parts of western Virginia, eastern West Virginia and western Maryland already have picked up 2 to 4 inches of wet snowfall, so far. Ridgeley, Maryland, just outside of the city of Cumberland, picked up almost 6 inches of snow as of late Tuesday morning.
Moderate to heavy snow was reported at Frederick and Hagerstown, Maryland, and the first flakes of snow have now fallen at Philadelphia and Wilmington, Delaware.
Winter storm warnings, where snowfall is expected to be heaviest, extend from eastern Massachusetts to the Smoky Mountains of Tennessee and North Carolina, including the cities of Boston, Providence, Hartford, virtually the entire New York City Tri-State area and Philadelphia. 

President Trump shook up his legal team Monday by hiring a combative former prosecutor who has publicly argued that Trump is the target of an elaborate FBI conspiracy — marking another confrontational move by the president against the rapidly mounting legal threats facing him and his administration.
Joe diGenova, a TV pundit and former U.S. attorney who was a longtime antagonist of Bill and Hillary Clinton, is the latest addition to the sprawling array of lawyers assembled to represent Trump on two main fronts: in the probe of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and in the case of an adult film star who claims an adulterous affair.
The hiring caught many of his advisers by surprise, prompting fears that Trump is preparing for bigger changes to his legal team — including possible departures — as he goes on the offensive in the primary legal challenges facing him.
Trump is not consulting with top advisers, including Chief of Staff John F. Kelly and chief White House lawyer Donald McGahn, on his Russia legal choices or his comments about the probe, according to one person with knowledge of his actions, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe sensitive conversations. He is instead watching television and calling friends, this person said.

At 32 years old, Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is already the most dominant Arab leader in a generation. This week, he embarks on a cross-country American tour, where he'll pitch his kingdom to a skeptical U.S. public. He was named heir to the throne nine months ago by his 82-year-old father, King Salman, who granted his son vast new powers. 
Known by his initials -- "M-B-S" -- his reforms inside Saudi Arabia have been revolutionary. He is emancipating women, introducing music and cinema and cracking down on corruption, in a land with 15,000 princes. But selling Saudi Arabia won't be easy. In his first interview with an American television network, he was eager to discuss his country's promise and its troubled reputation head-on.

Two weeks ago, Britain was shocked when a former Russian spy, Sergei Skripal, was poisoned with Novichok, an extremely toxic Russian nerve agent, in Salisbury, England. The military-grade type of nerve agent suggests that the Russian government was linked to the poisoning.
British Prime Minister Theresa May asserts that the Kremlin is “highly likely” to have been behind the poisoning. If so, Russian President Vladimir Putin almost certainly sanctioned the attack directly. But why would the Kremlin commit such a dangerous crime right before Russia’s presidential election, while its relationships with Western countries are collapsing?
Several theories have emerged to explain Moscow’s actions. Here’s a summary of available theories, which also involves my research on Russian and Soviet disinformation techniques.
Russian security may have used Novichok in the past without being discovered. Skripal and his daughter were found unresponsive but alive on a park bench. But Novichok is an unusual chemical, not something for which a morgue would ordinarily test. Had only Skripal been targeted, and had he received a higher dose, he could be dead — as if from a sudden heart attack or other natural causes. 

The world's last surviving male northern white rhino has died after months of poor health, his carers say.
Sudan, who was 45, lived at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya. He was put to sleep on Monday after age-related complications worsened significantly.
His death leaves only two females - his daughter and granddaughter - of the subspecies alive in the world.
Hope for preserving the northern white rhino now lies in developing in vitro fertilisation (IVF) techniques.
"His death is a cruel symbol of human disregard for nature and it saddened everyone who knew him," said Jan Stejskal, an official at Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic, where Sudan had lived until 2009.
"But we should not give up," he added in quotes carried by AFP news agency.
"We must take advantage of the unique situation in which cellular technologies are utilised for conservation of critically endangered species. It may sound unbelievable, but thanks to the newly developed techniques even Sudan could still have an offspring."

Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy was taken into police custody early Tuesday over allegations that he illegally accepted 50 million euros ($68.5 million) from the government of the late Libyan leader Moammar Gaddafi to finance his successful 2007 presidential campaign.
The detention of Sarkozy — France’s president between 2007 and 2012 — represented a major development in what is now likely to become an explosive political scandal. For years, Sarkozy denied allegations that he took money from Gaddafi, and Tuesday marked the first time that authorities have questioned the former president.
If the allegations are true, it would mean that Sarkozy knowingly violated France’s campaign finance laws, which in 2007 capped campaign funding at 21 million euros ($28.8 million).
Under French law, authorities can hold a suspect in custody for up to 48 hours, at which point they must decide whether there are sufficient grounds to launch a formal investigation.

The Karachi Port Trust (KPT) has ordered an investigation into the crash, which resulted in the suspension of container transport for several hours, Pakistani newspaper The News International reported.
The video shows the 8,000-container Tolten ship, operated by the Hapag-Lloyd company, scraping along the side of a 6,350-container, Hamburg Bay, operated by Eastern Pacific Shipping sending multiple crushed and torn containers into the water.
The video was taken by a port worker and quickly gained traction on social media.
According to The Frontier Post, port authorities said, “Approximately 55-60 containers from the ships fell into the sea.” Two berths were also damaged in the accident. There are no reports of casualties.
In the video, containers could be seen sinking or floating in the port as workers look on in shock.
The collision happened at the South Asia Port Terminal, which is one of South Asia’s busiest seaports. The Post quoted KPT spokesman Shariq Farooqui as saying that the accident happened at the port’s commercial terminal, which is operated by private party.

House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday he's received "assurances" that special counsel Robert Mueller will not be dismissed by President Donald Trump, adding that he is confident Mueller's probe into Russian election meddling will be carried out to its completion unimpeded.
“Special counsel should be free to follow through his investigation to its completion without interference, absolutely," Ryan told reporters during a press conference on Capitol Hill. "I am confident he will be able to do that."
Ryan added: "I have received assurances that his firing is not even under consideration.”
The House speaker did not specify who had assured him that Mueller's standing was safe.
Despite calls from congressional leaders for the White House not to step in and interfere with Mueller's probe, Trump ordered the firing of the special counsel last year but backed off after facing pressure from his top attorney, a person familiar with the matter told POLITICO in January.
Trump called reports he ordered Mueller fired "fake news." White House officials have publicly denied Trump has considered firing Mueller.
The president over the weekend for the first time singled out Mueller's team by name in criticizing the Russia investigation. "The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime," Trump tweeted Saturday.

The Minneapolis police officer who mistakenly shot and killed an Australian woman in July was behind bars Tuesday and charged with third-degree murder.
Officer Mohamed Noor was also charged with second-degree manslaughter in connection with the death of Justine Ruszczyk Damond, according to records from the Hennepin County Jail.
It was not clear whether Noor turned himself in or was arrested on a warrant, but Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman was expected to reveal more details later Tuesday.
Freeman had previously said they did not have probable cause to charge Noor for fatally shooting the 40-year-old expat after she called 911 to report a possible sexual assault in the alley behind her home.
"I have to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, the moment he shot the gun he feared for his life, and he used force because he thought he was gonna be killed,” Freeman told activists in a videotaped exchange. “But he won’t answer my questions, because he doesn't have to, OK? We all have Fifth Amendment rights, and I respect that."
