
Just when Congress thought it had headed off a government shutdown, President Donald Trump yanked Washington right back to the brink.
In a Friday morning tweet that stunned even some of his closest advisers, Trump threatened “a VETO” of a $1.3 trillion spending bill that Congress had cleared just hours earlier.
Trump’s declaration — citing the spending bill’s lack of full funding for his border wall and attention to undocumented immigrants known as Dreamers — comes as many lawmakers who would have to override his rejection or pass a stopgap funding measure are already on the way out of Washington for a two-week recess.
Government funding lapses at midnight Friday, which would mark the third shutdown of the year. Trump later tweeted that there would be a news conference at the White House on the omnibus spending bill at 1 p.m.
The president’s top aides said Thursday he would sign the bill, but his threat was a reminder that only Trump truly knows what the White House is doing at any time.

A gunman killed three people in southwestern France on Friday, in a burst of violence that included hijacking a car, shooting at police officers, and opening fire and taking a hostage in a supermarket. The attack rattled nerves in a country that has been hit hard by terrorism in recent years.
The gunman was later killed by police officers when they stormed the supermarket, according to Gérard Collomb, the interior minister.
As he entered the Super U market in Trèbes, about 50 miles southeast of Toulouse, and began shooting, the man shouted “God is great” in Arabic, and claimed to be acting on behalf of the Islamic State, witnesses said. His connection to the militant group, if any, was unclear.
Mr. Collomb, speaking to reporters from Trèbes, identified the gunman as Redouane Lakdim, a 26-year-old who lived in the neighboring city of Carcassonne and who was known to the police as a petty criminal and drug dealer.
“But we had monitored him, and we believed that he was not radicalized,” Mr. Collomb said, adding that the gunman had “abruptly taken action,” without apparent prior planning, despite the authorities’ surveillance.

John Bolton’s appointment as national security adviser seems to many around the world to represent President Trump unbound, and they are trying to puzzle out what exactly that means.
A fiercely intelligent man with deeply conservative, nationalistic and aggressive views about American foreign policy, Mr. Bolton may bring more consistency and predictability to President Trump’s foreign policy, many suggest. But others worry that his hawkish views on Iran and North Korea, among others, may goad Mr. Trump into seeking military solutions to diplomatic problems.
But some also wonder whether Mr. Bolton, who has played the outsider even when serving as a senior American diplomat in the State Department and at the United Nations, will be able to adjust to a high-pressure job where he must be less public, less strident and more of a mediator of differing policy views.
And it is an open question whether he will be able to manage his relationship with Mr. Trump, who seems to tire quickly of anyone outside his own family who tries to guide or restrict his behavior, his public statements or his instincts.
Mr. Bolton’s views are well known and largely seem to align with Mr. Trump’s: the Iran nuclear deal is flawed and should be scrapped; North Korea must denuclearize or face military action; the United Nations and most other multilateral institutions are of little use to Washington. In this sense, said Josef Janning, a German policy analyst, Mr. Bolton “will provide significant support and intellectual ammunition to President Trump.”

The Trump administration on Friday announced sanctions and criminal indictments against an Iranian hacker network it said was involved in “one of the largest state-sponsored hacking campaigns” ever prosecuted by the United States, targeting hundreds of U.S. and foreign universities, as well as dozens of U.S. companies and government agencies, and the United Nations.
None of the alleged hackers were direct employees of the Iranian government, but all worked at the behest of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, officials said. While not the first such punishments imposed on Iran for malicious cyber acts, the new measures address more extensive Iranian efforts than previously alleged.
Nine of 10 named individuals were connected to the Mabna Institute, a Shiraz-based tech firm that the Justice Department alleged hacks on behalf of Iranian universities and the IRGC. The institute conducted “massive, coordinated intrusions” into the computer systems of at least 144 U.S. universities and 176 foreign universities in 21 countries, including Britain and Canada, officials said.

An Iowa couple and their two young children were found dead in a rented condominium in Mexico, authorities said.
The Sharp family was reported missing by relatives in their hometown of Creston early Friday, about a week after the family left for vacation.
Creston police said they contacted the U.S. State Department, and the bodies were found during a welfare check at the condo in Tulum. Police said there were no obvious signs of foul play.
Union County authorities said the family members were identified as 41-year-old Kevin Sharp; his wife, 38-year-old Amy Sharp; and their children, 12-year-old Sterling and 7-year-old Adrianna.
Relatives said the family arrived safely in Tulum on March 15, but they hadn’t heard from the family since.
Authorities said it wasn’t immediately clear what caused the deaths. Autopsy reports are pending.

To the delight of many of his Twitter followers, Tesla and SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk followed through on a promise Friday to delete the Facebook pages of both companies, flushing more than 5 million combined “likes” down the digital drain on a whim.
The Facebook pages for the automaker and aerospace innovator have been replaced by a default page noting that “content isn’t available right now.”
Musk apparently decided to take down the pages while responding to posts on Twitter, including one from Brian Acton, the co-founder of the Facebook-owned WhatsApp. Acton’s tweet included the hashtag #deletefacebook. That exchange led to a dare, as well as the revelation that Musk was unaware his aerospace company had a Facebook page.
It didn’t take long for Musk to go on to delete Tesla’s Facebook page, noting that the page “looks lame anyway.”
By deleting (or ordering someone else to do so) his company’s Facebook pages, Musk joined an online movement calling for Facebook users to sever their ties to the social media giant. The movement began with the revelation that Cambridge Analytica — a political marketing firm that worked with Donald Trump’s presidential campaign — improperly harvested the data of 50 million Facebook users, raising new questions about the network’s ability to protect user data.

Britain’s prime minister, Theresa May, won greater than expected support from the European Union on Friday over her escalating diplomatic battle with Russia, a significant victory for a leader who has often found herself isolated in Brussels as her country prepares to quit the bloc.
After hours of discussion, European leaders issued a relatively tough statement effectively blaming Moscow for the nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy, Sergei V. Skripal, and his daughter, Yulia, on British soil.
The European Union announced the withdrawal of its ambassador to Moscow for consultations, while President Emmanuel Macron said that France and other countries, including Germany, would also take measures, prompting speculation that they would expel some Russian diplomats, as Britain did in response to the attack. Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Denmark are among nations expected to take action as soon as Monday.
“We consider this attack as a serious challenge to our security and European sovereignty, so it calls for a coordinated and determined response from the European Union and its member states,” Mr. Macron said at a joint news conference with the German chancellor, Angela Merkel.

An Indictment charging Gholamreza Rafatnejad, 38; Ehsan Mohammadi, 37; Abdollah Karima, aka Vahid Karima, 39; Mostafa Sadeghi, 28; Seyed Ali Mirkarimi, 34; Mohammed Reza Sabahi, 26; Roozbeh Sabahi, 24; Abuzar Gohari Moqadam, 37; and Sajjad Tahmasebi, 30, all citizens and residents of Iran, was unsealed today.  The defendants were each leaders, contractors, associates, hackers-for-hire or affiliates of the Mabna Institute, an Iran-based company that, since at least 2013, conducted a coordinated campaign of cyber intrusions into computer systems belonging to 144 U.S. universities, 176 universities across 21 foreign countries, 47 domestic and foreign private sector companies, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the State of Hawaii, the State of Indiana, the United Nations, and the United Nations Children’s Fund.  Through the defendants’ activities, the Mabna Institute stole more than 31 terabytes of academic data and intellectual property from universities, and email accounts of employees at private sector companies, government agencies, and non-governmental organizations.  The defendants conducted many of these intrusions on behalf of the Islamic Republic of Iran’s (Iran) Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), one of several entities within the government of Iran responsible for gathering intelligence, as well as other Iranian government and university clients.  In addition to these criminal charges, today the Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) designated the Mabna Institute and the nine defendants for sanctions for the malicious cyber-enabled activity outlined in the Indictment.

The political action committee founded by John R. Bolton, President Trump’s incoming national security adviser, was one of the earliest customers of Cambridge Analytica, which it hired specifically to develop psychological profiles of voters with data harvested from tens of millions of Facebook profiles, according to former Cambridge employees and company documents.
Mr. Bolton’s political committee, known as The John Bolton Super PAC, first hired Cambridge in August 2014, months after the political data firm was founded and while it was still harvesting the Facebook data.
In the two years that followed, Mr. Bolton’s super PAC spent nearly $1.2 million primarily for “survey research,” which is a term that campaigns use for polling, according to campaign finance records.
But the contract between the political action committee and Cambridge, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times, offers more detail on just what Mr. Bolton was buying. The contract broadly describes the services to be delivered by Cambridge as “behavioral microtargeting with psychographic messaging.”
To do that work, Cambridge used Facebook data, according to the documents and two former employees familiar with the work.

Listen carefully. The strange sound of rushing air you can hear in the background, as Britain continues its slow march towards Brexit, is a deep collective sigh of relief.
Ministers, officials and business leaders - the latter group puffing out their cheeks more than anyone - wanted, needed, to see their wish of a Brexit transition period fulfilled.
So one obstacle cleared, or more accurately, skipped around.
The danger that's kept much of business and many MPs at Westminster awake at night, fear of the UK tumbling off a cliff edge into its post-Brexit future next March, has receded. Not disappeared. Receded.
Now Theresa May and the UK negotiating team can focus on the task ahead. Urgently.
A sigh of relief is time consuming, and there's no time or breath to spare.

Mark A. Conditt, who terrorized this city for nearly three weeks with a series of deadly bombings, left behind evidence of potential future targets before he killed himself on Wednesday, a law enforcement official said on Friday.
Officials were examining these future targets as part of the investigation. The official declined to describe these targets in detail, but said they were a mix of locations that had no common thread linking them.
On Wednesday, Representative Michael McCaul, a Texas Republican who is the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said the future targets included residences. “They found a list of residences that they had to assume may have been utilized as future targets,” Mr. McCaul said.
On Friday, law enforcement officials said they were still evaluating evidence and leads from the public in an effort to build a timeline of the bomber’s activities. But they appeared to be learning little about Mr. Conditt’s motives.

You can still find furniture or a roommate on Craigslist. But ads seeking romance or sexual connections are no longer going to be available, after Craigslist took down the "personals" section Friday for its U.S. site.
The company says it made the change because Congress has passed the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, meant to crack down on sex trafficking of children. It was approved by a landslide in the Senate earlier this week, as NPR's Alina Selyukh has reported, but has been met with criticism by free speech advocates and sex workers.
As Craigslist wrote, the law seeks "to subject websites to criminal and civil liability when third parties (users) misuse online personals unlawfully."
"Any tool or service can be misused," Craigslist said. "We can't take such risk without jeopardizing all our other services, so we are regretfully taking craigslist personals offline. Hopefully we can bring them back some day."
The site added: "To the millions of spouses, partners and couples who met through craigslist, we wish you every happiness!"
