
President Trump escalated his assault on Amazon.com on Saturday, accusing the online retail giant of a “Post Office scam” and falsely stating that The Washington Post operates as a lobbyist for Amazon.
In a pair of morning tweets sent during his drive from his Mar-a-Lago estate to the nearby Trump International Golf Club, the president argued that Amazon costs the U.S. Postal Service billions of dollars in potential revenue.
Trump has repeatedly advanced this theory, even though officials have explained to him that Amazon’s contracts with the Postal Service are profitable for the agency.
The president also incorrectly conflated Amazon with The Post and made clear that his attacks on the retailer were inspired by his disdain for the newspaper’s coverage. He labeled the newspaper “the Fake Washington Post” and demanded it register as a lobbyist for Amazon. The Post operates independently of Amazon, though the news organization is personally owned by Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon.

Tesla (TSLA - Get Report) has long been a company whose shares are prone to both spike higher on good news that buoys the hopes of bulls in with the company's groundbreaking products and feel it walks on water, and tumble on bad news that provides talking points for bears who insist the company is nothing but an overhyped, deadline-missing, debt-financed house of cards.
Since Tesla officially launched its relatively cheap Model 3 sedan last summer, this dynamic has yielded quite the tug-of-war between bulls and bears. Shares frequently rallied in response to good Model 3 news such as positive reviews or signs of improved availability, and sold off just as often in response to bad news related to the Model 3 manufacturing ramp, such as production target push-outs and reports of ongoing battery-assembly issues.
Bears have clearly gained the upper hand since mid-March, with Tesla shares diving to new 52-week lows amid a tech selloff and a flurry of negative headlines related to the Model 3 production ramp and other issues. They dropped 2.5 percent to $269.60 in after-hours trading on Thursday, after Tesla announced it's recalling 123,000 Model S sedans due to potential corrosion issues for power steering bolts. Share are now 33% below a September high of $389.61.

President Trump on Saturday called out California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) over immigration policy, marking further escalation in the dispute between the Trump administration and the Golden State.
Brown signed "sanctuary state" legislation last October in a rebuke of Trump’s increased immigration restrictions. Trump has repeatedly blasted the state as hosting immigrants in the country illegally who commit crimes, a charge he repeated on Saturday.
“Governor Jerry ‘Moonbeam’ Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs,” he tweeted. “Is this really what the great people of California want?”
The Trump administration is suing California in a lawsuit filed earlier this month that aims to block the state's sanctuary laws. The Justice Department charges that the laws are designed to intentionally obstruct the enforcement of federal immigration law.
Brown has called the lawsuit a "political stunt" by the Trump administration. 

Stephon Clark was shot six times in the back and eight times total by Sacramento police officers, according to a private autopsy released Friday by his family's legal team, a finding that increased tensions in a city already on edge about the shooting of the unarmed black man.
The review concluded that Clark was not facing officers when they opened fire and hit him first in the side. The force of that round spun him around with his back to officers, and six rounds penetrated his back moving in a forward trajectory, the Clark family legal team said.
The last shot struck his left thigh area as Clark was falling or had fallen, the autopsy found. 
Clark family attorney Benjamin Crump said the autopsy "affirms that Stephon was not a threat to police and was slain in another senseless police killing under increasingly questionable circumstances."
The review was conducted by prominent pathologist Dr. Bennet Omalu, the former chief medical examiner in San Joaquin County best known for his research on football-related concussions. His findings were released at a Friday morning press conference held by Crump and other attorneys representing Clark's family.

A winning ticket for a giant lottery jackpot estimated at $521 million has been sold in New Jersey. Mega Millions says one winning ticket was sold in Friday night's drawing. The winning numbers were 11, 28, 31, 46, 59 and Mega Ball 1. 
The New Jersey Lottery said Saturday on Twitter that the winning ticket was sold at a Riverdale, Morris County, Lukoil station. Riverdale is in northeastern New Jersey, about 30 miles outside of New York City.
It's the nation's 10th-largest lottery jackpot. No one had matched all six numbers since January. 
The $521 million figure refers to the annuity option, in which payments are made over 29 years. The cash option would pay $317 million.
Mega Millions drawings are held Tuesday and Friday at 11 p.m. Friday's Mega Millions drawing offered players a chance to spend $2 to try to correctly pick the correct number of five balls valued 1 to 70 and the number and a "Mega ball," numbered from 1 to 25. 

The war of words between Fox News talk show host Laura Ingraham and Parkland survivor David Hogg has taken one combatant out of the ring — albeit for just one week.
Amid backlash after publicly ridiculing 17-year-old Marjory Stoneman Douglas senior Hogg on his college rejections, Ingraham announced Friday that she was taking a pre-planned break from her TV show for a week following Easter.
A dozen advertisers already pulled ads from “The Ingraham Angle” this week after she taunted the student activist on Twitter. Among them: Liberty Mutual Insurance, Office Depot, Nestle, Joseph A. Banks, Expedia, Hulu, Johnson & Johnson, Nutrish pet foods, TripAdvisor, Wayfair, Jenny Craig and the Atlantis Paradise Island resort, USA Today reports.
On Friday evening’s telecast, Ingraham told her viewers, “I’ll be off next week for Easter break with my kids. Fear not, we’ve got a great lineup of guest hosts to fill in for me.”
A Fox News spokesperson confirmed the vacation was preplanned.
The move is the latest blow to the conservative TV host after Ingraham on Wednesday morning tweeted that Hogg “whines about” being rejected by four universities in California, linking to an article from the Daily Wire calling him a “Gun Rights Provocateur.’’

Another group of opposition fighters and their relatives left southern parts of eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus on Saturday afternoon bringing President Bashar Assad’s forces a step closer to eliminating threats from insurgents groups nearby, state media said.
State TV said 38 buses left the towns of Zamalka, Ein Tarma, Arbeen and Jobar taking more than 1,700 rebels and civilians to the northwestern rebel-held province of Idlib. The channel said troops entered the towns and raised the national flag in Arbeen’s main square.
Following Saturday’s evacuation, the only area held by rebels east of the capital Damascus will be the town of Douma that is held by the powerful Army of Islam group. A crushing government offensive under the cover of Russian airstrikes that began on Feb. 18 has forced opposition fighters in most of eastern Ghouta to agree to evacuate and head to Idlib province.
“Arbeen, Zamalka, Jobar and Ein Tarma in eastern Ghouta are free of terrorists,” shouted a correspondent for state-affiliated al-Ikhbariya TV channel from Arbeen.
State news agency SANA said 38,000 fighters and civilians have already headed to Idlib over the past two weeks marking one of the largest displacements since Syria’s conflict began seven years ago. More than 100,000 others headed to government-controlled areas over the past weeks.

More than 50 British diplomats and technical support staff will be expelled from Russia, the Russian Foreign Ministry said Saturday, claiming the move will establish parity with Russia’s diplomatic mission to Britain.
“Russia offered parity,” spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said. “The Brits have just over 50 more people.”
The move clarified Russia’s response to Britain’s expulsion in mid-March of 23 Russian diplomats, and deepens an already-tense row between Russia and the West over the March 4 poisoning of a former Russian double agent on British soil.
The former spy and his daughter were allegedly poisoned by a Soviet-designed nerve agent known as Novichok, a weapon believed to be unique to Russia. Russia has flatly denied the allegations and offered a variety of counterclaims.
Already, Russia had expelled 23 British diplomats. The latest move adds at least 50 more people to that count.
On Friday, Russia responded to Britain’s move by announcing that it would limit the size of the British diplomatic mission to Russia to that of Moscow’s mission in Britain. However, no figures were given, as Britain does not publish rosters of its embassies and consulates for security.

Israel will target "terror organizations" in Gaza if violence along the territory's border with Israel drags on, the chief military spokesman warned Saturday, a day after thousands of Palestinians staged protests near the border fence.
The mass marches were led by Gaza's ruling Hamas group and touted as the launch of a six-week-long protest campaign. Palestinian health officials said 15 Palestinians were killed by Israeli fire and more than 750 hit by live rounds, making it the bloodiest day in Gaza since the 2014 cross-border war between Israel and Hamas.
In Friday's confrontations, large crowds gathered near the border fence, with smaller groups of protesters rushing forward, throwing stones and burning tires.
Israeli troops responded with live fire and rubber-coated steel pellets, while drones dropped tear gas from above. The army released video showing soldiers with rifles perched on high earthen embankments overlooking the scene.
 Palestinian women wave Palestinian flags and flash the victory gesture during a protest near the border with Israel east of Jabalia in the Gaza strip, commemorating Land Day on March 30, 2018. Land Day marks the killing of six Arab Israelis during 1976 demonstrations against Israeli confiscations of Arab land. Mohammed Abed / AFP - Getty Images
Brig. Gen. Ronen Manelis, the chief army spokesman, denied allegations of excessive use of force, saying those killed by Israeli troops were men between the ages of 18 and 30 who were involved in violence and belonged to militant factions.

When Malala Yousufzai left her hometown in 2012 it was with a Taliban bullet wound to her head.
But the youngest-ever Nobel Peace Prize winner was greeted with cheers and tears on Saturday as she finally returned to Mingora despite the ongoing threat to her life.
The 20-year-old global advocate for girls' education arrived with her family in the Swat Valley town in a helicopter provided by the Pakistani military.
It is part of her first return visit to Pakistan; she flew into the capital, Islamabad, before dawn on Thursday flanked by heavy security and plans to return on Monday to Britain where she has been receiving long-term treatment and education.
Malala won international acclaim after she was shot by the Taliban for her campaign to improve education for women. She was riding home in her school van.
On Saturday, she returned to her childhood home accompanied by her father, mother and younger brother. She sobbed upon entering the home where relatives, former classmates and friends had been anxiously waiting since morning to welcome her with flowers and hugs.
Malala said she waited for the moment for more than five years and said she often looked at Pakistan on the map, hoping one day to return. She said she plans to permanently return to Pakistan after completing her studies in Britain.

 The acquittal by a federal jury of Noor Salman, the widow of the man who gunned down dozens of people at the Pulse nightclub two years ago, handed federal prosecutors on Friday the rarest of defeats: a loss in a terrorism case.
The outcome was even more striking because the not-guilty verdict came from jurors in Orlando, Fla., where Omar Mateen’s rampage left 49 people dead and 53 others injured, the worst terrorist attack on American soil since Sept. 11, 2001.
Jurors unanimously rejected government charges that Ms. Salman had helped her husband plan his violent assault in the name of the Islamic State — a narrative countered by her family’s claims that she was kept in the dark about her husband’s secrets and was home sleeping when the attack occurred.
To blame for the government’s defeat, said defense lawyers and legal experts who closely followed the trial, was a flimsy circumstantial case that ultimately was unable to persuade jurors during the eight days of trial.
Testimony from an F.B.I. agent revealed that prosecutors knew early on, but did not reveal, that one of their crucial initial pieces of evidence — that Ms. Salman had admitted driving by the nightclub with her husband in the days before the attack — most likely did not happen.

A police officer who fatally shot a black man in Baton Rouge, La., nearly two years ago was fired on Friday, and a fellow officer involved in the episode was suspended for three days. The disciplinary actions were the first serious consequences for the officers after both state and federal officials declined to bring criminal charges against them.
Blane Salamoni, the officer who was dismissed, fired six shots at the man, Alton B. Sterling, after responding to a call at a convenience store parking lot on July 5, 2016.
After announcing the disciplinary actions, the department released new raw footage of Mr. Sterling’s arrest and his killing moments later. Video taken from a police body camera shows Officer Salamoni repeatedly shouting profanities at Mr. Sterling; slamming him into a car; twice ordering the second officer, Howie Lake II, to use his Taser; and threatening to shoot Mr. Sterling with a gun pointed at his head.
“These actions were not minor deviations from policy,” Chief Murphy Paul of the Baton Rouge Police Department said. “And they contributed to the outcome that resulted in the death of another human being.”
The decision came after the Louisiana attorney general, Jeff Landry, said on Tuesday that the officers would not be charged with state-level crimes, and after the Justice Department declined last May to seek federal civil rights charges. The shooting is one of numerous high-profile fatal encounters between black men and the police in recent years, and prompted large protests in Baton Rouge and beyond.
