
The Commerce Department is reinstating a citizenship question to the 2020 Census for the first time in decades, a move that some arguewill lead to an undercount of minorities living in the United States.
The U.S. Census Bureau counts the total number of people in the country — not the total number of citizens — every 10 years. Though it usually doesn't ask about a person's citizenship status, the Justice Department asked the agency late last year to include the question. It is the first time the government has done that in 70 years.
The Census count is used to redraw congressional districts, so it can affect the makeup of Congress, and to determine where federal, state and local funds will be used to build new schools, roads, health care facilities, child-care centers and senior centers. It also forms the basis of countless government and academic studies that drive public policy decisions and legislation from Washington, D.C., to statehouses and city halls.
In a statement released Monday night, the Commerce Department said the question was being added to help enforce the Voting Rights Act. The department pointed out that previous Census surveys before 1950 consistently asked citizenship questions.

Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg's decision not to appear before MPs is "astonishing", said the committee chairman who invited him to attend.
Damian Collins, the head a parliamentary inquiry into fake news, urged Mr Zuckerberg to "think again".
Facebook and data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica are at the centre of a row over harvesting personal data.
Mr Zuckerberg has apologised for a "breach of trust", but said he will not appear in front of the inquiry.
He will instead send one of his senior executives, Facebook's chief product officer Chris Cox, who will give evidence to MPs in the first week after the Easter parliamentary break.
But Mr Collins, the chairman of the Department for Culture Media and Sport select committee, said: "Given the extraordinary evidence that we've heard so far today... it is absolutely astonishing that Mark Zuckerberg is not prepared to submit himself to questioning.
"I would certainly urge him to think again if he has any care for people that use his company's services."

A pair of white police officers in Baton Rouge, La., will not be prosecuted by the state authorities in a fatal shooting of a black man there almost two years ago. The decision brings another closely watched and widely scrutinized investigation of potential police misconduct to an end without charges.
Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry announced his conclusion on Tuesday, almost 11 months after the United States Department of Justice declined to bring charges in the death of the man, Alton B. Sterling, was widely expected, in part because officers are rarely charged in connection with on-duty shootings.
“The Louisiana Department of Justice cannot proceed with a prosecution,” Mr. Landry said at a news conference in Baton Rouge. He said the evidence available to state investigators showed that the officers had not acted outside the bounds of the law.

Former Supreme Court justice John Paul Stevens on Tuesday called for the repeal of the Second Amendment, the constitutional right used to defend gun ownership.
In a New York Times op-ed, Stevens — a Gerald Ford appointee who emerged as a liberal voice on the court and who retired from the court in 2010 — said the March for Our Lives demonstrations and civic engagement in the wake of last month's Parkland, Fla., school shooting "demand our respect."
And while protesters were calling for legislation that would ban semi-automatic weapons, increasing the minimum age to buy guns and establishing more comprehensive background checks, he said they should seek a "more effective and more lasting reform." 
"Concern that a national standing army might pose a threat to the security of separate states led to the adoption of that amendment, which provides that a 'well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed,'" Stevens wrote. "Today that concern is a relic of the 18th century."

Slovakia’s president has asked the foreign ministry to explain why his country has not joined two dozen other countries in expelling Russian diplomats over the nerve agent attack on an ex-intelligence officer in Britain.
In a statement Tuesday, President Andrej Kiska says he has met Deputy Foreign Minister Lukas Parizek and considered his explanation unsatisfactory.
Kiska says he has called Prime Minister Peter Pellegrini over the issue and told him he expects Slovakia to respond to “a request to express solidarity with our important ally.”
Slovak leaders are scheduled to meet to discuss it on Wednesday.
The Foreign Ministry summoned the Russian ambassador on Monday to condemn the use of a nerve agent in the attack in Salisbury, calling it “unacceptable,” but no Russian diplomats have been expelled from Slovakia so far.

Authorities have arrested a man in Washington state in connection with the appearance of a number of suspicious packages on Monday at federal facilities around Washington, D.C.
The suspect was arrested around 12 hours after the first discovery of the packages, a law enforcement source told NPR. Law enforcement officials asked not to be identified discussing the case because the investigation continues.
The man who was arrested has so far not been identified either and officials declined to provide more detail about him. The man was expected to appear in federal court for the western district of Washington state on Tuesday.
Investigators are analyzing the packages discovered around the National Capital Region on Monday to determine whether any of them contained functioning explosive devices.
The Associated Press reported that the packages "contained black powder along with rambling, nonsensical notes similar to those the man has been known to send in the past ... Authorities did not name the man, but said he was known to law enforcement."

With Beijing under heavy security as a mystery North Korean delegation visited the Chinese capital, internet users scrambled to stay a step ahead of censors on Tuesday as China's tightly controlled state media remained silent.
Videos circulated on popular messaging app WeChat on Monday evening of a motorcade traveling around Beijing including clips of cars entering Beijing's Diaoyutai State Guest House.
One car, a stretch Mercedes limousine, was believed to be transporting a senior North Korean official, possibly leader Kim Jong Un, who had never been known to make a journey abroad since assuming power after his father died in 2011.
On Tuesday, Chinese internet users kept each other abreast, speculating about the enigmatic guests' visits to Beijing sites including Zhongguancun, one of China's technology hubs, before the entourage is believed to have boarded the train they had arrived on a day earlier.
WeChat public accounts focusing on news about North Korea had been censored by Chinese authorities, with no articles about a senior North Korean visitor on many prominent accounts that cover China-North Korea ties.

British Prime Minister Theresa May called on Tuesday for a “long-term response” by the West to the security threat from Russia as NATO followed member states in expelling Russian diplomats over the poisoning of a double agent in England.
In the most sweeping such action against Moscow since the height of the Cold War, the United States and European Union members plan to expel scores of Russian diplomats in action against the Kremlin for the nerve agent attack on Sergei Skripal and his daughter which they have blamed on Russia.
Russia, which denies any part in the March 4 attack on the Skripals, says the West’s action is a “provocative gesture” and has said it will respond.
The coordinated action among Western allies is seen as a huge diplomatic coup for May whose country is preparing to exit the EU bloc and may have had doubts about how much support she could count on.
Speaking to senior cabinet members in London on Tuesday, May said countries had acted against Russia not just out of solidarity but because they recognized the threat it posed.

The whistleblower at the center of the Cambridge Analytica scandal has revealed shocking claims that his predecessor was murdered in a hotel room in Kenya and that police were bribed not to investigate.
Christopher Wylie, whose allegations blew open the scandal involving Donald Trump's presidential campaign and the official Brexit campaign, painted a picture of a company involved in illegal activity around the globe as he addressed a British parliamentary committee on Tuesday.
Wylie said his predecessor Dan Muresan was poisoned after "a deal went sour."
"People suspected he was poisoned in his bedroom," Wylie said, adding that the Kenyan police had been "bribed not to enter his hotel room for 24 hours."
Wylie added that the claims were merely "speculation" he had heard from others inside the company and that he had no proof of the allegations.

rench leaders and activists called for people to take to the streets and protest against racism Tuesday, after prosecutors filed preliminary charges of murder with anti-Semitic motives in the death of an elderly Jewish woman.
Mireille Knoll, 85, was killed Friday in her apartment, which was then set on fire, according to a French judicial official.
Two men have been jailed in the case, according to the official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the news media. They were handed preliminary charges of robbery, damaging property, and murder with anti-Semitic motives, he said.
Francis Kalifat, president of the Jewish group CRIF, said Knoll was stabbed 11 times.
Knoll reportedly escaped a notorious World War II roundup of Paris Jews, in which police herded some 13,000 people — including more than 4,000 children — into a stadium and shipped them to the Auschwitz death camp in Nazi German-occupied Poland. Fewer than 100 survived.

No other demographic group supports President Trump more than white evangelicals.
Nearly 8 in 10 white evangelical Protestants approve of Trump's job performance, according to a survey by the Pew Research Center.
While sex scandals, from allegations of sexual assault to consensual affairs, continue to plague this presidency, a significant drop in support from white evangelicals is not likely to happen.
Millions of people tuned in to “60 Minutes” on Sunday night to watch adult-film actress Stormy Daniels detail her alleged affair with the president shortly after his third wife gave birth to his youngest child. The interview came days after former Playboy centerfold Karen McDougal shared details of her alleged affair with Trump in a CNN interview.
Trump has denied the allegations, and White House staffers often attack the character of the accusers. But a new poll shows that more white evangelicals believe Daniels and McDougal over the man some religious leaders have called evangelicals’ dream president.
According to a recent CNN poll, 4 in 10 white evangelicals, or 40 percent, believe the women involved in reports about Trump’s alleged infidelities. The share who believe Trump is a bit lower — 36 percent. An additional 24 percent are unsure.

A California sheriff’s office announced Monday that it will provide public information on when inmates are released from jail -- a move coming amid a growing backlash against the liberal state’s “sanctuary” laws that limit cooperation with federal immigration authorities.
The Orange County Register reported that the county’s sheriff’s department will publish a “Who’s in Jail” online database, including the date and time of inmates’ release, to help cooperate with other law enforcement agencies including Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE.)
Undersheriff Don Barnes cited California’s sanctuary legislation, which limits the instances when state and local police agencies can inform federal authorities about an illegal immigrant’s release from detention, specifically as a reason for the move.
“This is in response to SB-54 limiting our ability to communicate with federal authorities and our concern that criminals are being released to the street when there’s another avenue to safeguard the community by handing them over (to ICE for potential deportation),” Barnes said, according to the Register.
Annie Lai, co-director of the Immigrant Rights Clinic at UC Irvine, noted that SB-45 does allow authorities to notify federal agencies of the release dates of illegal immigrants convicted of serious crimes.
