
A lawyer for President Trump broached the idea of Mr. Trump pardoning two of his former top advisers, Michael T. Flynn and Paul Manafort, with their lawyers last year, according to three people with knowledge of the discussions.
The discussions came as the special counsel was building cases against both men, and they raise questions about whether the lawyer, John Dowd, who resigned last week, was offering pardons to influence their decisions about whether to plead guilty and cooperate in the investigation.
The talks suggest that Mr. Trump’s lawyers were concerned about what Mr. Flynn and Mr. Manafort might reveal were they to cut a deal with the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, in exchange for leniency. Mr. Mueller’s team could investigate the prospect that Mr. Dowd made pardon offers to thwart the inquiry, although legal experts are divided about whether such offers might constitute obstruction of justice.
Mr. Dowd’s conversation with Mr. Flynn’s lawyer, Robert K. Kelner, occurred sometime after Mr. Dowd took over last summer as the president’s personal lawyer, at a time when a grand jury was hearing evidence against Mr. Flynn on a range of potential crimes. Mr. Flynn, who served as Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, agreed in late November to cooperate with the special counsel’s investigation. He pleaded guilty in December to lying to the F.B.I. about his conversations with the Russian ambassador and received favorable sentencing terms.

With a dose of mystery and the flair of a showman, North Korea’s young leader, Kim Jong-un, used his debut as an international statesman on Wednesday to present himself as confident, reasonable — and willing to bargain.
Mr. Kim’s surprise two-day visit to Beijing, his first known overseas trip since taking power, was effectively a reminder of how much he has set the agenda in the crisis over his nation’s nuclear arsenal — and of what a strong hand he has going into talks, first with President Moon Jae-in of South Korea next month and later with President Trump.
Mr. Kim has yet to say what concessions he is willing to make, or what he may demand from the United States in return. But he continued to dominate the diplomatic process, reaffirming his willingness to meet with Mr. Trump and repeating his vague commitment to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in talks with Mr. Xi, according to Xinhua, the Chinese state news agency.
During Mr. Trump’s first year in office, Mr. Kim raced ahead with breakthrough tests of a hydrogen bomb and missiles capable of hitting the United States mainland. Then he abruptly changed course and used the Winter Olympics to seize the initiative, surprising the world with a rapprochement with the South and then an offer to meet with Mr. Trump.

A federal judge ruled that the District of Columbia and Maryland may proceed with an unprecedented lawsuit against President Trump alleging that Trump’s business dealings have violated the Constitution’s ban on receiving improper “emoluments,” or payments, from individual states and foreign governments.
The ruling, by U.S. District Judge Peter J. Messitte in Maryland, marks the first time that a lawsuit of this kind has cleared the initial legal hurdle — a finding that the plaintiffs have legal standing to sue the president in the first place.
In this case, Messitte found that D.C. Attorney General Karl A. Racine (D) and Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh (D) have legal standing to sue Trump over the business of the Trump International Hotel in downtown Washington.
As part of that ruling, Messitte said he rejected an argument previously made by critics of the lawsuit — that, under the Constitution, only Congress may decide whether the president has violated the emoluments clauses.
“In absence of Congressional approval, this Court holds that it may review the actions of the President to determine if they comply with the law,” Messitte wrote.
Messitte’s ruling is likely to be appealed. If it stands, it could allow Racine and Frosh to seek internal documents from the Trump Organization, to determine how much money the Washington hotel has taken in from state and foreign governments.

The Supreme Court justices seemed to grasp the problem of gerrymandering in oral arguments Wednesday and that it will only get worse, as computer-assisted redistricting gets even more refined.
But they appeared frustrated with what to do about it — without becoming the constant police officer on the beat.
This case, involving a Democratic-drawn congressional district in Maryland, is essentially Act II of the gerrymandering play at the Supreme Court.
Act I opened the first week in October when the nine justices heard arguments in a case testing whether there is any constitutional limit to partisan gerrymandering — the practice of drawing legislative district lines to maximize and perpetuate the power of the incumbent party. At issue in the case is the Republican gerrymander of the Wisconsin Legislature — a design that delivered nearly two-thirds of the districts to the GOP even as Republicans lost the statewide vote.
In the Maryland case arguments on Wednesday, Michael Kimberly, the attorney for the Republican plaintiffs, argued that the map drawers succeeded in "rigging an election" and that the average American voter understands what's going on. He dubbed it an affront to democracy.
That is the kind of argument that Democrats have made about lots of other states in which Democrats are underrepresented in the House.
The Supreme Court has ruled that racial gerrymandering is illegal but has recognized that a degree of partisan gerrymander will take place and is OK.

President Donald Trump reportedly wants to take on Amazon and the internet retail behemoth's tax treatment.
It is unclear what the president would, or could, do on his own, but actions in the two other branches of government could settle the issue for him.
The president has long argued that Amazon gets unfair tax treatment relative to brick-and-mortar retailers. Trump is "obsessed" with Amazon and wants to "go after" the company, Axios reported on Wednesday, citing sources. The company's stock, in turn, lost more than $50 billion in shareholder value at one point Wednesday.
On Wednesday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders denied that the White House planned any imminent move against Amazon. "We have no announcement and no specific policies we are pushing for" related to Amazon, she said.
The president's reported stance on the company isn't new. In several tweets in recent years, Trump has argued for changes in how Amazon purchases get taxed. At issue is whether a state sales tax is levied on purchases made from a third-party Amazon vendor.

Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder who’s been hiding in the Ecuadorian embassy in London for the past six years, had his internet cut off today. And his supporters are so worried about his inability to communicate with the outside world that they’ve started to assemble outside the embassy.
Ecuador issued a statement confirming that the embassy had cut off Assange’s internet, saying that he had failed to comply with a commitment not to interfere with Ecuador’s relationship with other countries.
It’s not immediately clear what “interference” Assange may have engaged in, though he has used Twitter for things such as advocating for Catalan independence in Spain and DM-ing with family members of the Trump regime. The former got Assange into trouble with Ecuador in the past, though the only other time his internet was cut off was during October of 2016 in the lead up to the US presidential election.
Assange has been in the Ecuadorian embassy in London after he skipped bail in June of 2012. Last month, a British court ruled that the warrant for his arrest was still valid, despite the fact that Sweden had suspended its investigation into sexual assault charges against the WikiLeaks founder. Assange fears extradition to the United States.
It’s unclear how long Assange will have his internet cut off, though reports that his access to visitors has also been cut off have yet to be verified by any credible new outlet.

Expert assessments of the Kemerovo shopping mall fire case may take four to five months, but the Russian Investigative Committee will speed up the process, the Committee’s head Alexander Bastrykin told President Vladimir Putin at a meeting held in Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow region.
When asked by Putin how long it would take to carry out all the necessary assessments concerning the Kemerovo fire, Bastrykin said that it was not a fast process. According to him, construction, financial and economic assessments are usually completed in four to five months. The Investigative Committee chief pledged to speed up the process as much as possible and request experts to set up large groups to conduct assessments. However, in Bastrykin’s words, the work will take at least three months.
"Send there as many people as you need to avoid delays," Putin said. Bastrykin replied that apart from the Investigative Committee, independent experts not aligned to any state agency would also conduct assessments.
"We are coming to the conclusion that the incident was a result of irresponsible attitude to construction issues and financing, but to prove that we will need to engage independent organizations, which will require more time," the Investigative Committee chief added.

Poland has signed an agreement to buy the Patriot missile defence system from the US, in a move that is likely to anger Russia.
President Andrzej Duda said the "historic" $4.75bn (£3.4bn) deal gave Poland "state-of-the-art" defences.
It follows reports that Russia had permanently deployed nuclear-capable missile systems in its territory of Kaliningrad, which borders Poland.
Ties between Poland, a Nato member, and Russia remain strained.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 has prompted Warsaw to speed up its military modernisation.
Earlier this week, Poland was one of many countries that expelled Russian diplomats in response to a nerve agent attack in the UK on 4 March.
Moscow denies any involvement in poisoning former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, in the southern English city of Salisbury.

India is building a new city to give global investors an easy way into its booming economy.
Gradually mushrooming on an otherwise barren 886-acre parcel of land in Gujarat -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state -- is a small collection of buildings that India hopes will one day rival financial centers like Singapore, Dubai and Hong Kong.
It's called Gujarat International Finance-Tec City, or GIFT City.
"Except for the fact that we are not sitting in Singapore and GIFT City is not Singapore, I think from a business perspective we have everything that is required," Ajay Pandey, the city's CEO, told CNN.
Two stock exchanges were established in the city last year, and government exemptions recently made trading virtually tax-free. The city will also have its own financial regulator, part of an effort to reduce red tape and bureaucracy faced by foreign investors.
Pandey and other city leaders boast that the tax breaks, low property prices and other incentives mean that moving operations to GIFT City have helped some companies reduce costs by up to 80%.

It’s possible that despite capturing Facebook data on 50 million people, Cambridge Analytica didn’t actually accomplish anything noteworthy in the realm of politics. At the center of the company’s claim to significance is a technique for turning people’s Facebook “likes” into psychological profiles, and a further claim that these profiles rendered victims vulnerable to manipulation.
But scientific papers used to back those claims leave doubt as to whether the company’s technique was likely to work as advertised.
It sounds chilling. Quoted in The Guardian, ex-employee Christopher Wyle called the company's technique “psychological warfare.” The idea, as Wyle described it, was to target people with political ads “designed to work on their particular psychological makeup.”
On a British television expose, company officials boasted that their profiling enabled them to market Donald Trump to the American people. Wyle, who had studied fashion, told the Guardian they convinced Americans to vote for Trump the same way companies convinced people to buy Crocs and other ugly shoes.
But the science behind the claims suggests that what Cambridge Analytica was really marketing was the idea that it could create a kind of psychological alchemy.

The brother of Stephon Clark, the unarmed African-American man killed in a hail of police bullets in Sacramento, California, shut down a City Council meeting Tuesday by delivering a profanity-filled complaint about the city's treatment of minority residents.
The young man, Stevante Clark, approached the council dais about 20 minutes into a special community meeting that was called to address the police shooting of his brother on March 18. Police said two officers fired 20 rounds at Clark, who was found to be in possession of a cellphone, not a weapon.
Stevante Clark hopped onto the council dais as he and members of the audience chanted his brother's name, interrupting Councilman Larry Carr. Security officers surrounded him and appeared to try to lead him from the scene, only to have audience members yell out, "Let him speak!"
Eventually, Clark made his way to the public microphone in the middle of council chambers, yelling, "Shut the f--- up" at council members or staffers and audience members who wanted him to be quiet.
Once he was at the microphone, Clark repeatedly asked the audience, "Do you love me?" to shouts of "Yes!"
"If you really love me ...," he said before stopping for a moment. Then: "My brother just got shot."

A Pennsylvania judge has dismissed the most serious charges filed against 11 members of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity in the hazing related death of Timothy Piazza.
Judge Allen Sinclair dismissed involuntary manslaughter charges filed against the fraternity brothers.
But he allowed new charges of "conspiracy to commit hazing" to proceed against some of the fraternity brothers.
Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro said in a statement that he was "disappointed by the decision" and is "assessing our legal options."
"We filed these charges after a comprehensive review of the case," Shapiro said. "That review is ongoing. We will move forward with our case and the charges that were held for trial today. I am disappointed by the decision of the Magisterial District Judge and we are assessing our legal options. My office is committed to seeking justice for Timothy Piazza and his family and holding responsible individuals accountable for their actions, consistent with the law and the evidence in this case."
