
Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt worked directly with a top energy lobbyist, and without a real estate broker, to set up a $50-a-night rental room in a prime Capitol Hill building co-owned by the lobbyist’s wife during his first six months in Washington, a source familiar with the arrangement told ABC News.
Pruitt was permitted to pay rent for just a single bedroom in the upstairs condo unit, even though the other bedrooms in the unit were unoccupied, the source told ABC News.
In all, Pruitt paid $6,100 to the limited liability corporation for the Capitol Hill condo co-owned by Vicki Hart, whose husband J. Steven Hart is chairman of a top D.C. lobbying firm and who is registered to lobby for several major environmental and energy concerns, according to Bloomberg News which first reported the payment arrangement.
The EPA allowed Bloomberg News to review copies of canceled checks that Pruitt paid to the condo owner for using the room for roughly six months. The news outlet reported that the checks show varying amounts paid on sporadic dates -- not a traditional monthly "rent payment" of the same amount each month.

The White House was thrown on the defensive Thursday over President Trump’s choice to lead the Department of Veterans ­Affairs, forcing officials to fend off mounting skepticism that Ronny L. Jackson has the experience to run the government’s second-largest agency.
Trump announced by tweet late Wednesday that the White House physician would succeed ousted secretary David Shulkin, surprising veterans groups and lawmakers, who were not notified beforehand and scrambled to learn the policy views of someone whose positions on the chronic challenges facing VA are unknown.
Jackson is a career naval officer who was an emergency trauma doctor in Iraq before spending the past 12 years as a White House physician. But his résumé lacks the type of management experience usually expected from the leader of an agency that employs 360,000 people, has a $186 billion annual budget and is dedicated to serving the complex needs of the country’s veterans.
“It’s great that he served in Iraq and he’s our generation. But it doesn’t appear that he’s had assignments that suggest he could take on the magnitude of this job, and this makes Jackson a surprising pick,” said Paul Rieckhoff, chief executive of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America.

A Syrian rebel group said on Friday that U.N.-mediated talks with Russia were “heading in the right direction” but denied it had agreed to evacuate the last insurgent-held enclave in eastern Ghouta.
The town of Douma, controlled by the Jaish al-Islam rebel group, is the last patch of eastern Ghouta still held by insurgents who have been routed in a ferocious offensive by the Russian-backed Syrian military that began in February.
Its recovery would seal a major victory for President Bashar al-Assad, crushing the last big rebel stronghold near Damascus seven years into a conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and displaced millions.
Thousands of people - fighters from other rebel factions, their families and other civilians - have been leaving for northwestern Syria from other parts of eastern Ghouta in convoys of buses that have been given safe passage to Idlib province.
Jaish al-Islam has so far refused such an evacuation, saying it amounts to forced demographic change by Assad and his allies.

What was billed as a six-week campaign of peaceful protests in Gaza, culminating in a mass march toward Israel, descended almost immediately into chaos and bloodshed on Friday, with at least eight Palestinians reported killed by Israeli soldiers in confrontations along the border fence.
Soon after the campaign began Friday morning, the Israeli military reported that Palestinian protesters were rioting in six locations along the border, rolling burning tires and hurling stones at the fence and at Israelis soldiers beyond it. Later, it reported Molotov cocktails being thrown at soldiers, as well.
By late afternoon, the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza said that eight Palestinians had been killed by Israeli fire, and more than 1,000 injured.
Declaring the area surrounding the Gaza Strip a closed military zone, the Israeli military said it was “responding with riot dispersal means and firing towards main instigators.” Israeli forces fired live ammunition, rubber bullets and tear gas.
The Palestinian organizers had called for peaceful protests, with men, women and children bused to tent encampments that popped up in recent days about 700 yards from the border with Israel.

A number of advertisers have abandoned Fox News host Laura Ingraham's weeknight show after she alleged that Parkland, Florida, shooting survivor David Hogg was bitter over being rejected for admission by multiple universities.
Those companies pulling their ads include TripAdvisor, Expedia, Hulu, Johnson & Johnson, Wayfair, Nestlé and Nutrish. A spokesman for TripAdvisor said the company doesn't "condone the inappropriate comments made by this broadcaster. In our view, these statements focused on a high school student, cross the line of decency. "
In a tweet sent on Wednesday, Ingraham said Hogg had been rejected from four colleges and that he then "whines about it." In response, Hogg mounted a social media campaign to get advertisers to pull their ads from Ingraham's show.
He told NBC News that those fleeing advertisers represented about one-third of those he listed for action.
 David Hogg, a senior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, speaks at a rally calling for more gun control three days after the shooting at his school, in Fort Lauderdale, Florida on Feb.17, 2018. Jonathan Drake / Reuters
On Thursday, after Hogg's online campaign was a success, Ingraham apologized, via Twitter, "for any upset or hurt my tweet caused him or any of the brave victims of Parkland."

Russia tested its new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) for the second time on Friday, the country's defense ministry said in a tweet.
The nuclear weapon called Sarmat will replace the current Soviet-era missile called Veovoda.
Russia's ministry of defense tweeted a video showing the ICBM taking off.
It's the second test of Sarmat. The first took place towards the end of last year.
The test was carried out at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome, as spaceport in the west of Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin unveiled details of the missile in March. At the time, he said that the ICBM "can reach any point in the world." The ICBM was unveiled as part of a raft of defense measures during his annual State of the Union address earlier this month.
There are worries about the rising tension between some countries when it comes to nuclear weapons. North Korea has also been carrying out tests of its ICBM.

Russia has ordered the expulsion of more diplomats from Western countries in a tit-for-tat response over the poisoning of an ex-spy in the UK.
The retaliatory measure comes a day after Russia kicked out 60 US diplomats and closed the St Petersburg consulate.
Moscow rejects UK accusations that it is behind the nerve agent attack.
On Friday the Russian government called in Britain's ambassador to order him to cut diplomatic staff to the same level as Russia's presence in the UK.
Both countries have already expelled 23 staff. Moscow also ordered the closure of the British Council.
Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia collapsed in Salisbury, England, on 4 March. Mr Skripal remains in a critical but stable condition. Yulia's condition is said to be improving.
UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres on Thursday issued a warning over "a situation that is similar, to a large extent, to what we lived during the Cold War".

Russia's military on Friday conducted its second test of a new intercontinental ballistic missile which Russian officials say could reach any target in the world, according to the Russian Defense Ministry.
Russia's military carried out the test of the Sarmat missile system at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome, a spaceport in western Russia, while Russian intelligence tweeted out a video of the successful test.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said earlier this month that the new Sarmat missile system would render any U.S. missile defense system "useless" and warned the west that it had "failed to contain Russia" in remarks to lawmakers and political elites.
The Sarmat system is "powerful and modern and defense systems will not be able to withstand it," Putin said earlier in March.
"Missile defenses will be useless against it," he added.
The missile test comes as Russia seeks to explain the poisoning of an ex-Russian spy on British soil earlier this month with a Soviet-linked nerve agent.
Russia has denied it was behind the attack, but the U.K., U.S. and a number of European countries have concluded the poisoning was tied to Russia.

The Vatican has denied that Pope Francis told a well-known Italian journalist that "there is no hell".
The quote came in an article in Italy's La Repubblica daily. But the Vatican said "no quotations" in the article "should be considered as a faithful transcription" of the Pope's words.
The Vatican said the article was based on a private meeting the Pope had with the daily's founder, Eugenio Scalfari.
Catholic Church doctrine affirms the existence of hell and its eternity.
The souls of sinners descend into hell, where they suffer "eternal fire", the Catholic catechism states.
However, Cardinal Vincent Nichols, the most senior Catholic in England and Wales, said "there's nowhere in Catholic teaching that actually says any one person is in hell".
He told the BBC that the Pope was apparently exploring "the imagery of hell - fire and brimstone and all of that".
"That's never been part of Catholic teaching, it's been part of Catholic iconography, part of Christian iconography," he said.

A cheetah caught jumping into a safari vehicle in the Serengeti created a Twitter storm because it was caught on video; good thing, because the look on one passenger’s face couldn’t be described in a thousand words, let along 280 characters.
Britton Hayes, the son of Seattle KOMO NewsRadio anchor Elisa Jaffe, found himself next to a wild cheetah while his tour group was out watching a pack of the animals recently, according to the Twitter message that was posted Thursday.
The group was watching three cheetah brothers hunting in the Gol Kopjes when one of the cheetahs started checking out the vehicle by jumping on the hood, KOMO reported.
"We started to notice the cheetahs became curious of the vehicle," Hayes told KOMO News. "But it was too late to drive quickly away or anything like that because you don't want to startle the animals, because that's when things usually go wrong."
Hayes said while his group focused on the cheetah that jumped on the hood of their SUV, a second cheetah from the pack leaped in the back seat.
"Alex (my guide) kept me calm and made sure I never made eye contact nor startled the cheetah, allowing the animal to see that it could trust us," Hayes told KOMO News, adding that their actions allowed the curious cheetahs eventually to just walk away. "Honestly, it was probably one of the scariest moments of my life while it was happening.

For three days this week, protesters marched outside Sacramento County District Attorney Anne Marie Schubert's office, demanding she charge two officers who shot to death Stephon Clark, an unarmed 22-year-old father of two, in a dark backyard on March 18.
The case, still under investigation by police, hasn't yet made it to her desk.
But that hasn't stopped reform advocates from plotting to boot her from office and replace her with someone they believe is more likely to hold police accountable for abuses of power — and pursue policies aimed at curbing mass incarceration.

Former secretary of state and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton touched on multiple hot-button issues in Piscataway Thursday night, where 5,000 people packed the floor and stands of Rutgers Athletic Center for her hour-long question-and-answer session on politics.
Rutgers Eagleton Institute of Politics hosted the event and it was moderated by Ruth Mandel, the institute's director.
Here are 10 highlights from Clinton's sold-out talk with Mandel.
Mandel kicked things off by asking: "What are the biggest misconceptions people have about you?" 
Clinton responded, "I hear what Ruth was alluding to" and "I've given some thought to it because I hear it myself."
The question, at its heart, was: What do the people close to you see that others haven't been able to connect with?
"When you're in the public eye, you get snippets of a person and I think it's gotten even more difficult not to have a fragmentary view of anybody in the public arena today," Clinton said.
Schubert, a Republican career prosecutor who won office by a large margin in a Democratic-leaning county four years ago, is running for re-election June 5 in a rapidly transforming political climate. With Clark's death likely to dominate the campaign, the race has become a battleground in a national movement aimed at sweeping into power progressive prosecutors.
