
Fired Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin tells NPR's Morning Edition that political forces in the Trump administration want to privatize the VA — and he was standing in the way.
"There are many political appointees in the VA that believe that we are moving in the wrong direction or weren't moving fast enough towards privatizing the VA," he said. "I think that it's essential for national security and for the country that we honor our commitment by having a strong VA. I was not against reforming VA, but I was against privatization."
Those political forces may be responsible for why Shulkin says he wasn't allowed to speak out to defend himself against an ethics controversy that he says was overhyped and intended to weaken him.
"This was completely mischaracterized," Shulkin said, defending himself. "There was nothing improper about this trip, and I was not allowed to put up an official statement or to even respond to this by the White House. I think this was really just being used in a political context to try to make sure that I wasn't as effective as a leader moving forward."
Privatization has been the major issue at the department, and political appointees within the administration had been discussing removing Shulkin over the matter. Shulkin demurred from pointing a finger squarely at President Trump, but described a VA riddled with political pressure and conflict.

A fast-moving fire swept through a Venezuelan police station where prisoners were being kept in crowded cells, killing 68 people in one of the worst catastrophes involving the nation's prison system, authorities and relatives said.
Distraught families spent all day Wednesday clamoring for information and at times clashing with police equipped in riot gear outside the station until Venezuela's chief prosecutor declared on Twitter that 66 men and two women had been killed in the blaze.
Prosecutor Tarek William Saab said four prosecutors had been named to determine what happened and who is responsible for the tragedy in Valencia, a town in Carabobo state 100 miles (160 kilometers) west of Caracas, the capital.
He added the nation's public ministry would "guarantee a thorough investigation to immediately shed light on the painful events that have put dozens of Venezuelan families in mourning."
Human rights groups immediately criticized Venezuelan authorities for failing to address the rapidly declining conditions in the nation's jails.

If David Hogg has anything to do with it, Fox News host Laura Ingraham may soon be wanting for advertisers.
The Parkland school shooting survivor, who’s become an outspoken advocate against gun violence since the February massacre, called on his more than 595,000 Twitter followers late Wednesday to help start an advertising boycott of Ingraham’s show, The Ingraham Angle. Hogg’s tweet listed Ingraham’s top 12 advertisers, asking followers to contact the companies and encourage them to cease advertising during the Fox show.
Hogg’s call for action against Ingraham came in response to an earlier tweet by the host in which she ridiculed the high school student. She shared a Daily Wire story about Hogg’s rejection from a number of colleges, writing, “David Hogg Rejected By Four Colleges To Which He Applied and whines about it.”
Hogg’s targeting of Ingraham’s advertisers mimics earlier campaigns that sought to pressure advertising boycotts of other Fox news hosts Sean Hannity and Bill O’Reilly. After Hannity reportedly propagated a conspiracy theory about a murdered DNC staffer, the host lost at least five advertisers.

They were the portrait of a modern family: a married female couple and their six adopted children. And in 2014, they were thrust in front of the world for all to see.
One of those children — Devonte, who is black — was photographed hugging a white police sergeant in Portland, Ore., during a 2014 demonstration to protest police violence. In the photograph, Devonte clung to the officer, a mix of fear and anguish in his eyes.
But the intense news media coverage that followed may have been the reason the Hart family decided to flee to Washington State, the authorities said on Wednesday.
Then, recently, the unthinkable occurred. The family’s sport utility vehicle plunged off a 100-foot cliff in California and was discovered on Monday — upside down, engulfed by the waves of the Pacific Ocean.
Both parents were found dead inside the S.U.V.; three of their children were discovered dead outside it; and the three other children, including Devonte, were still missing on Wednesday evening and feared dead, law enforcement officials said.
“We have every indication to believe that all six children were in there, however only three bodies have been recovered,” said Sheriff Tom Allman of Mendocino County. “We have no evidence and no reason to believe this was an intentional act. Certainly people are wondering what caused this.”

If John Dowd discussed the possibility of a presidential pardon with lawyers for Michael Flynn and Paul Manafort while Dowd was serving as Donald Trump’s personal lawyer, it’s a big deal -- definitely for Dowd, and conceivably for Trump.
The president has the inherent power to pardon anyone he wants. But doing so with a corrupt reason -- such as saving the president’s skin -- would be obstruction of justice.
Supposing that Dowd acted after conversations with Trump, the chain of obstruction would lead back to the president. And even if Dowd acted on his own initiative, he himself could be guilty of obstruction of justice.
Start with an important caveat: This episode is unlikely to lead to Trump’s being impeached or charged with a crime. What we know so far is that someone (or rather three someones) told the New York Times that Dowd discussed the possibility of pardons with lawyers for Flynn, the former national security adviser, and Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, while both were being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller.
Dowd, who resigned last week as the president’s lead lawyer for Mueller’s investigation, denies the allegations. If they can credibly be shown to be true, they wouldn’t on their own be enough to put Trump in the hot seat. Trump could say that Dowd never discussed the pardons with him. And it would be very difficult to get Dowd to testify against Trump, who was his client at the time.

It’s not entirely clear what Jeb Bush intended when he said that after he was crushed by Donald Trump in the 2016 South Carolina Republican primary, he returned home to children “who actually love me.” He made the comment during a speech at Yale University on Tuesday.
The Yale Daily News, which reported the comment, originally said it was meant as a jab at President Trump — and by implication Trump’s children. The Yale paper later corrected its story to say that while “Bush did not directly refer to Trump,” most of the audience took it that way.
By then it was too late.
Some news stories that circulated on social media suggested Bush was insinuating that Trump’s children didn’t love their father. The result were headlines such as The Cut’s “Jeb Bush Delivers Totally Sick Burn to Donald Trump,” and Raw Story’s “Jeb Bush rips Trump with brutal one-liner: At least I have kids ‘who actually love me’.”
By Wednesday night, some of Trump’s children decided to set the record straight: They do, indeed, love their father.
“I actually love my father very much. #PleaseClap,” Eric Trump tweeted.
#PleaseClap referred to Bush’s famous February 2016 speech in New Hampshire, when the crowd was so silent that he said, “Please clap.”

Japan’s government spokesman says his country has been in touch with North Korea, but refuses to say whether a possible meeting between their leaders is being discussed.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, responding to a question Thursday about reports of such talks, said Japan has all along communicated with North Korea via multiple channels. Suga declined to say if a meeting between Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is being discussed.
The Asahi newspaper reported Thursday that Kim’s administration has mentioned a possible summit with Abe in June following one with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Suga welcomed plans for an April 27 meeting between the leaders of the two Koreas as a sign of progress resulting from international pressure on North Korea.

Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai returned Thursday to her native Pakistan, nearly six years after she was shot by Islamist militants in her northwestern home district of Swat for advocating female education.
The 20-year-old global education activist met with Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi just hours after landing in Islamabad.
“I still can’t believe that this is actually happening,” Malala later told a specially organized gathering at the prime minister’s office where senior officials, cabinet members, lawmakers, civil society activists and young students were in attendance.
In an emotional speech broadcast live by television stations, Malala said she had dreamed of returning to Pakistan and setting foot on her native soil.
“It is the happiest day of my life that I have come back to my country and standing on my native soil after more than five-and-a-half years,” she said before breaking down into tears. “Whenever I travel in a plane, car I see the cities of London, New York and I was told that just imagine this is Pakistan, imagine that you are traveling in Islamabad, imagine that you are in Karachi. And it was never true. But now today I see I am here. I am extremely happy."

The former Russian double agent and his daughter who were targeted with a nerve agent more than three weeks ago may have come into contact with the poison at their front door, British authorities said Wednesday.
Sergei Skripal, 66, and Yulia Skripal, 33, were found incoherent and comatose, respectively, on a park bench at an outdoor shopping center in the quiet medieval town of Salisbury on March 4.
Prime Minister Theresa May said earlier that investigators had concluded, based on forensic and scientific examination, that it was “highly likely” that Russia was responsible for the poisoning — and that the nerve agent had a signature that linked to Russia’s Novichok chemical weapons program. 
“Detectives believe the Skripals first came into contact with the nerve agent at their home address,” a spokesman for Metropolitan police said Wednesday. “Specialists have identified the highest concentration of the nerve agent, to date, as being on the front door of the address.”
Police did not say how the nerve agent was delivered, whether in person or by other means.

Theresa May has said that Brexit means there will be more money available to spend on the NHS and schools.
The prime minister told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg Brexit "would deliver a country that will be different" but with the chance "of a bright future".
The PM is visiting England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, with one year to go to the UK leaving the EU.
Meanwhile ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair said Brexit could still be stopped, saying it was "not too late".
Mr Blair, a strong backer of UK membership of the EU, told BBC Radio 4's Today the "sensible" option was to "take a final decision" once the terms of the deal have been set out.
On 29 March 2019, the UK will formally leave the EU and is due to enter a 21-month transition period during which much of the current arrangements continue, before the final permanent post-membership relationship is due to kick-in.
Since formal negotiations began between the two sides last June, an agreement has been struck on a Brexit "divorce bill" - but the crucial issue of how they will trade together in the longer term has yet to be settled.

White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that "there is no discussion or consideration" of presidential pardons relating to former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and former Trump deputy campaign chairman Richard Gates.
"There was no collusion and we're very confident in that and look forward to this process wrapping up," Sanders said during the White House briefing Wednesday afternoon.
Sanders says that she "did not talk to [President Trump] about it specifically," but reiterated that the president's personal lawyer Ty Cobb has gone on the record to tamper down rumors of potential pardons.
"I have only been asked about pardons by the press and have routinely responded on the record that no pardons are under discussion or under consideration at the White House," Cobb told the New York Times.
The Times reported Wednesday that John Dowd, a former top attorney for Mr. Trump, mentioned the possibility of pardons to Manafort and former Trump administration National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Dowd's talks with the former Trump administration officials reportedly took place before Special Counsel Robert Mueller charged the individuals. The Times reports Dowd's words could be interpreted as an attempt at influencing Manafort and Gates' cooperation in the investigation.

A drag racer has died after hitting the wall at the Sonoma Raceway in Northern California. The county Sheriff's Office says the car was doing 100 mph or more when it slammed into a wall Wednesday evening.
The raceway says the driver was a 75-year old Napa resident. His 1976 Ford Pinto was alone on the quarter-mile drag strip. His name wasn't released.
CBS San Francisco reports that at about 6:15 p.m., the California Highway Patrol reported the death, which occurred at a drag racing program at the raceway at 29355 Arnold Drive in Sonoma.
The accident occurred during Wednesday Night Drags, a community program held from March to November. The program opens the track to 300 vehicles a night that must pass a technical inspection.
The program aims to provide what the facility calls a "safe, legal and controlled" racing environment.
The raceway says it's the first on-track death in the program's 30-year history.
