
Police fatally shot an unarmed man in Brooklyn on Wednesday after mistaking a metal pipe he was holding for a gun, authorities said. The death of Saheed Vassell, 34, provoked hours of emotionally charged protests.
About 4:40 p.m., police received three 911 calls reporting a black man in a brown jacket pointing what was “described as a silver firearm” at people on the street in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, said Terence Monahan, the New York Police Department’s chief of department.
Five officers — three in plainclothes and two in uniform — responded to the scene at Utica Avenue and Montgomery Street, Monahan said.
When they arrived, they saw Vassell “brandishing what appears to be a firearm, pointing it at people,” he said.
“The suspect then took a two-handed shooting stance and pointed an object at the approaching officers,” Monahan said.
Four of the officers opened fire on Vassell and struck him several times, police said. In all, three plainclothes officers and one uniformed officer fired 10 rounds between them, Monahan said.

UK police have issued a statement on behalf of Russian spy Sergei Skripal's daughter, the first since the pair were poisoned by a nerve agent in March.
The statement quoted Yulia Skripal as saying her "strength is growing daily".
Ms Skripal, 33, and her father are in hospital in Salisbury, southern England, where the attack took place.
The UK Foreign Office says Ms Skripal, who is a Russian citizen, has not yet taken up Russia's offer of consular assistance.
The Russian Embassy in London said last week that it was insisting on its right to see her after it emerged that she was conscious and talking.
Earlier on Thursday, Russian TV aired a recording of an alleged phone conversation between Ms Skripal and her cousin.
However, doubts have been cast on how authentic the recording is; the presenters of the programme themselves said they had been unable to verify it.
Mr Skripal, 66, remains critically ill but stable.

Last year’s hurricane season was more than twice as active as a typical season, and an onslaught of storms left deep wounds across the Caribbean and southern United States that have not yet healed. But, ready or not, the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season begins on June 1.
As it has done every year since 1984, Colorado State University has released its initial predictions for the upcoming season. Its forecast is for a total of 14 named storms, seven hurricanes and three major hurricanes, which is slightly above the long-term average of 12 named storms, six hurricanes and two major hurricanes. Last year, we saw 17 named storms, 10 hurricanes and six major hurricanes.
These 2018 predictions will be updated on May 31, July 2 and Aug. 2.
Two primary factors critical for determining how active the upcoming Atlantic hurricane season will be whether El Niño develops and the configuration of North Atlantic sea surface temperatures.

Facebook Inc. said data on most of its 2 billion users could have been accessed improperly, giving fresh evidence of the ways the social-media giant failed to protect people’s privacy while generating billions of dollars in revenue from the information.
The company said it removed a feature that let users enter phone numbers or email addresses into Facebook’s search tool to find other people. That was being used by malicious actors to scrape public profile information, it said.
“Given the scale and sophistication of the activity we’ve seen, we believe most people on Facebook could have had their public profile scraped in this way,” the company said. “So we have now disabled this feature.”
Facebook also said data on as many as 87 million people, most of them in the U.S., may have been improperly shared with research firm Cambridge Analytica. This is Facebook’s first official confirmation of the possible scope of the data leak, which was previously estimated at roughly 50 million. It has resulted in calls from legislators and policy makers for greater regulation of social media, helping to shave billion of dollars from the company’s market value.
“We didn’t take a broad enough view of what our responsibility was and that was a huge mistake. It was my mistake,” Facebook Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said on a conference call with reporters. “We’re broadening our view of our responsibility.”

President Donald Trump signed a proclamation Wednesday directing National Guard troops to the U.S.-Mexico border to fight illegal immigration, but it is not likely to allow the troops to have physical contact with immigrants, according to three administration officials.
The Department of Homeland Security officially announced the policy in a statement Wednesday afternoon.
“To secure the border and make America safe, we need to deploy the National Guard,” said the statement from the office of the homeland security press secretary. "Deploying the National Guard will serve as an immediate deterrent while dramatically enhancing operational control of the U.S. border."
The statement said that the deployment would be in coordination with governors, that the troops would "support federal law enforcement personnel, including [Customs and Border Protection]," and that federal immigration authorities "will direct enforcement efforts."
The White House issued a statement that Trump had signed the proclamation later Wednesday.

A U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds pilot was killed in a crash over the Nevada Test and Training Range Wednesday.
According to Nellis Air Force Base, the pilot was killed when his F-16 Fighting Falcon crashed around 10:30 a.m. during a routine aerial demonstration training flight at Creech Air Force Base outside Las Vegas.
Last month, News Center 7 was granted rare access to be with the Thunderbirds at the Nevada Test and Training Range as they practiced for their upcoming show season.
Reporter John Bedell and photojournalist Byron Stirsman had to get special clearance to be able to get onto the Nevada Test and Training Range at Creech Air Force Base to be with the Thunderbirds for a practice March 7. They recorded the team’s air show performance run-through for an upcoming story.

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has approved the closure of the tourist destination of Boracay for up to six months after saying the waters off its famed white-sand beaches had become a “cesspool” due to overcrowding and development.
Duterte approved the total shutdown of Boracay as a tourist destination starting April 26 in a Cabinet meeting Wednesday night after extensive discussions of its impact, including ways to help about 17,000 workers who may be displaced, tourism undersecretary Frederick Alegre said Thursday.
“This is not about profit, it’s about the political will to deal with years of neglect of the environment,” Alegre said. “We need to act swiftly to save the island and avert its further deterioration.”
Last February, Duterte said Boracay’s water has turned into a “cesspool” with human waste being discharged into the sea.
More than 2 million tourists visited Boracay last year to enjoy its powdery beaches, spectacular sunsets and festive nightlife, generating about $1 billion in revenue. But the influx of tourists, neglected infrastructure and growth of resort establishments and poor settlements have threatened to turn Boracay into a “dead island” in less than a decade, according to a government study.

Though special counsel Robert Mueller may be far from concluding his investigation into possible Russian interference in the 2016 presidential campaign, legal experts are already debating the best way for him to end it.
This week, the public learned that the special counsel’s team told President Trump’s lawyers they are preparing a report about the president’s actions while in office and that a second report detailing their findings on Russia’s interference could follow, according to multiple sources familiar with these discussions. The disclosure of Mueller’s plans to issue a report, first reported by The Washington Post and confirmed by ABC News, has quickly given rise to discussion in the legal community about how he should proceed.
Under federal law, Mueller must provide a confidential report to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein at the conclusion of his probe that explains the special counsel's decisions about whether or not prosecutions are warranted.
Rosenstein will decide whether to make that report public.

Be wary of a class project that can literally blow up in your face.
Over 50 experts in artificial intelligence sent that message as they boycotted the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) over concerns it’s developing killer robots.
“This Pandora's box will be hard to close if it is opened,” reads their open letter from the school. “As with other technologies banned in the past like blinding lasers, we can simply decide not to develop them.”
“We urge KAIST to follow this path, and work instead on uses of AI to improve and not harm human lives.”
The institute verbally fired back about the allegations its recently opened center with defense company Hanwha Systems was creating autonomous war machines.
Sung-Chul Shin, the institute’s president, said “no intention to engage in development of lethal autonomous weapons systems and killer robots.”
“I reaffirm once again that KAIST will not conduct any research activities counter to human dignity including autonomous weapons lacking meaningful human control,” he told Reuters.

If the odds of Brazil's embattled ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva getting a third shot at the presidency was one in 10, yesterday's decision by the Supreme Court has now made it zero in 10.
Brazil is the land of appeals, so Lula has until around April 10 to file yet another appeal, this time in a Porto Alegre courthouse. This will keep him out of jail for about a week. His chances of having a judge rule in his favor are, as I've said before, like little gray aliens revealing themselves at Area 51.
Lula's lawyers lost a shot at habeas corpus in the Supreme Court Wednesday evening, with the expected tie-breaker vote by justice Rosa Weber coming down in favor of the two Federal Courts that had earlier indicted the ex-president. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison by an appeals court.
Brazil is quiet on Wednesday. At least a third of the population is in silent mourning. There have been no major protests, no burnt tires blocking roads, no masked avengers in Workers Party red smashing windows of Bradesco banks on Avenida Paulista.

A teenager stabbed to death in north-east London on Wednesday night has been named as Israel Ogunsola. His death, together with the death of a man in his 50s, takes the capital’s suspected murder toll to more than 50 in just three months.
The teenager died in the shadow of a railway bridge on Link Street at the junction with Morning Lane in Hackney at 8.24pm, about half an hour after being stabbed and despite the efforts of police officers, paramedics and a trauma doctor from London’s air ambulance.
“The policewoman’s arms were literally covered in blood, you could see she had been trying to fight for this man’s life,” said one witness to the aftermath, who declined to give her name. “People were just coming all night, just crying and breaking down in tears.”
As mourners continued to pay respects at the cordon surrounding the police forensic tent on Thursday morning, the political row over the violence deepened, with David Lammy, the Labour MP for Tottenham, accusing ministers of abdicating responsibility and police of failing to tackle organised crime.
Residents of homes overlooking Link Street described hearing a commotion and “very loud shouting” at about 8pm. One said her brother and his friend had gone outside and found police trying to resuscitate the victim.

George Papadopoulos, taken by surprise by FBI agents at an airport last summer, now tweets smiling beach selfies with a Mykonos hashtag. Rick Gates, for weeks on home confinement with electronic monitoring, gets rapid approval for a family vacation and shaves down his potential prison time. Michael Flynn, once the target of a grand jury investigation, flies cross-country to stump for a California congressional candidate and books a speaking event in New York.
The message is unmistakable: It pays to cooperate with the government.
That's an age-old truism in any criminal investigation, but it's especially notable in a case as pressing and as high profile as special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe, where deals afforded to cooperators have raised speculation about incriminating information they're providing.
The perks of cooperation have manifested themselves in freer travel, lenient punishment prospects and even public comments by defendants that might have been unthinkable months ago. They form a counterpoint to the experiences of Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman who has refused to cooperate and faces decades in prison, and send a message to others entangled in the Mueller probe that they, too, could receive favorable treatment if they agree to work with investigators.
