
The Trump administration is laying sanctions on 38 Russian oligarchs, government officials and business entities, citing "the Kremlin's malign agenda" that ranges from malicious online campaigns and efforts to undermine democracy to its actions in eastern Ukraine and Syria.
Seven Russian oligarchs and the 12 companies they own or control are on the new sanctions list. So are 17 senior Russian government officials, along with a government -owned weapons trading company and its subsidiary bank.
Senior Trump administration officials who delivered a background briefing about the sanctions on Friday morning said they were punishing powerful and connected figures in Russia because of "the totality of the Russian government's ongoing and increasingly brazen pattern" of disruptive actions on an international scale — most notably, its efforts to subvert democracies.
The move by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control targets members of Russia's elite, including Kirill Shamalov, the husband of Russian President Vladimir Putin's daughter, who famously received a loan of more than $1 billion from state-owned Gazprombank.
Shamalov's name has also been indirectly linked to U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, through the Paradise Papers — a trove of financial documents leaked from an offshore law firm that emerged last year.

President Trump defended his pugnacious approach to trade policy on Friday, just hours after he doubled down on a White House plan to punish China by threatening to levy tariffs on an additional $100 billion in Chinese imports.
Mr. Trump, in a tweet, criticized both China and the World Trade Organization, saying that the Chinese “get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.”
That followed another early morning tweet, in which Mr. Trump boasted that the new metals tariffs he has put into effect on China and other nations had not hurt American consumers as his critics predicted.
The price of aluminum per pound has been falling since February, a decline that started before the tariffs were imposed. Mr. Trump’s decision to exempt Canada, which supplied more than half of America’s aluminum imports in 2016, has also helped to soften the blow from tariffs, companies say.
The president’s criticism of the World Trade Organization are not new — many of his top advisers have complained that the World Trade Organization’s process for reviewing and solving trade disputes has put the United States and Western countries at a disadvantage.

President Trump says in a new interview that he will likely skip the upcoming White House Correspondents' Association dinner, his second time skipping the annual event as president.
In an interview Friday with "Bernie & Sid in the Morning" on 77 WABC, the president said he will "probably" not attend the annual gala hosted by the White House Press Association.
"It's unlikely I will do the White House correspondents dinner this year," Trump told the hosts, before calling the news media “so bad and so fake."
White House Correspondents' Association (WHCA) President Margaret Talev confirmed that the president does not plan to participate in the dinner, noting that White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be attending the event.
"The White House has informed us that the president does not plan to participate in this year's dinner but that he will actively encourage members of the executive branch to attend and join us as we celebrate the First Amendment," Talev wrote in a statement.
"In keeping with tradition, Press Secretary Sarah Sanders also will represent the administration at the head table. The April 28 dinner celebrates award-winning reporting, scholarship winners and the vital role of the First Amendment and the free press in American democracy."

It has been a busy day for Yulia Skripal.
This morning, she released a public statement, her first since she and her father were poisoned in the English city of Salisbury last month. “I woke up over a week ago now and am glad to say my strength is growing daily,” Skripal said in a statement released by the Metropolitan Police. “I am grateful for the interest in me and for the many messages of goodwill that I have received.”
She went on to thank the “people of Salisbury” and her doctors for their help. And she called the poisoning incident “disorienting” and asked for privacy.
Authorities say Skripal and her father, Sergei, were poisoned by a military-grade nerve agent known as Novichok, which investigators suspect was smeared on the doorknob of their home in Salisbury. The toxin, invented by Soviet scientists during the Cold War, is fatal in small doses and can be absorbed through the skin. The pair were found unconscious on a park bench in town.
British authorities quickly pointed the finger of blame at Russia. Skripal was a former Russian double agent who had provided tips and information to Britain's MI5 intelligence service. He was caught and imprisoned in Russia in 2006. In 2010, he was released as part of a spy swap and moved to Britain.

Family members of Nasim Aghdam, who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound after shooting three people and injuring a fourth near YouTube's headquarters in California on Tuesday, told ABC News they were stunned and that they had thought, "she never hurt one ant."
Aghdam's parents, Ismail and Fauria, and her brother, Sean, told ABC News' Matt Gutman that Nasim's behavior was out of character, that she wasn't previously violent. Nasim Aghdam had no criminal record.
When asked if Nasim was a terrorist or violent, Ismail said, "No." He also didn't know she owned a gun. Law enforcement sources tell ABC News she purchased the gun in San Diego in January, and didn’t appear to have much experience with weapons.
The family said Nasim was upset with recent changes to YouTube that decreased money she earned from posting videos to the website.

The aftermath of Thursday’s Conor McGregor incident in New York likely will play out for a long time to come with a lot of moving pieces.
But today, UFC President Dana White said if McGregor is expecting any kind of a figurative bailout from him, it won’t be coming.
“Normally, yes – I would dive right in and do everything in my power to help one of my guys,” White today said told ESPN hosts Michelle Beadle and Mike Greenberg on the “Get Up” morning news show. “But not in this situation. He came into the Barclays Center, attacked our fighters, and attacked my staff with a bunch of guys – no. You don’t get my help on this one.”
McGregor turned himself in to the New York Police Department overnight and has been charged with three counts of assault and one count of criminal mischief. He is expected to appear in front of a judge today.
White said McGregor’s alleged attack on a fighter bus Thursday in Brooklyn, where UFC 223 will take place Saturday, was not a publicity stunt. McGregor can be seen on eyewitness videos going after a bus filled with UFC 223 fighters, team members and event staff – and throwing a hand dolly into a window. It shattered the window, showering glass into the bus – and because of that, Michael Chiesa and Ray Borg were forced out of their fights on the card. Additionally, McGregor teammate Artem Lobov allegedly was involved in the attack – since White said it all stemmed from Lobov’s incident with headliner Khabib Nurmagomedov the day before – leading him to be pulled from the show, as well.

Park Geun-hye, South Korea’s impeached and ousted president, was sentenced on Friday to 24 years in prison on a variety of criminal charges, in a case that exposed the entrenched, collusive ties between South Korea’s government and huge conglomerates like Samsung.
A three-judge panel at the Seoul Central District Court also ordered Ms. Park to pay $17 million in fines, in a ruling that marked a climactic moment in an influence-peddling scandal that shook the country’s political and business worlds.
Ms. Park’s conviction on bribery, coercion, abuse of power and other charges was the first lower-court ruling on a criminal case to be broadcast live in South Korea. She is the country’s first former leader to be arrested and convicted of crimes since two former military-backed presidents were found guilty of sedition and corruption in the 1990s.
Ms. Park did not appear in court for her case on Friday. She has refused to attend any court hearings since October, staying in her solitary prison cell, complaining of poor health and insisting that she is the victim of a political conspiracy.
Although Ms. Park is expected to appeal her prison term, the sentencing is likely to bring a sense of closure to the corruption scandal that engulfed her. Her supporters, mostly elderly South Koreans, have insisted on her innocence, and hundreds of them protested outside the courthouse Friday, demanding her release and calling her a victim of “political revenge.”

Palestinian protesters faced off against Israeli troops on Friday, creating a billowing smokescreen of burning tires on the Gaza side of the border with Israel in the latest show of anger a week after deadly confrontations along the heavily guarded dividing line.
Israeli soldiers fired live ammunition and tear gas. The Gaza Health Ministry reported that at least two people were killed and scores were injured, five of them with critical injuries to the head and upper body.
But the violence was markedly less than last week, when Palestinians in the blockaded enclave launched what they said would be six weeks of protests leading up to the May 15 commemoration of the Nakba, or catastrophe, marking the flight and expulsion of an estimated 700,000 Palestinians seven decades ago upon Israel’s creation.
The Israeli military said in a statement that the army was operating “in accordance with the rules of engagement” to prevent protesters from breaching the no-go zone along the “security fence.”

Is Hungary still a democracy? It was a question I posed to Nóra Köves, an activist with the pro-democracy Eötvös Károly Institute, in the Castro Bistro café in central Budapest. “I wouldn’t say that, no. Not, I think, any more. We are heading to a kind of dictatorship, but we are not there yet. We are somewhere between.”
That was in the winter of 2016, a few months after the institute had discovered that it had been professionally bugged. A year and a half later, on the eve of Hungary’s general election this Sunday, the situation has only deteriorated further. Hungary has been ruled by the authoritarian Fidesz and its leader Viktor Orbán for eight years. Fidesz is a party that combines contempt for democracy with xenophobia and crude antisemitic tropes. George Soros has long been a demonic figure for the far right, cast in the traditional caricatured role of sinister Jewish puppetmaster.
In Hungary, Soros adorns pro-government billboards, accused by Orbán of conspiring to overwhelm the country with immigrants and refugees. His regime is cracking down on foreign-funded NGOs – particularly those linked to Soros. BuzzFeed has just exposed how an undercover operation is seeking to undermine and neutralise Soros-linked NGOs. It’s not surprising: Soros-funded NGOS “must be pushed back with all available tools,” says Fidesz deputy chairman Szilárd Németh, “and I think they must be swept out.” The use of state-sanctioned antisemitic tropes is profoundly disturbing in a country in which nearly a third hold “strong or moderate” antisemitic views, against a backdrop of 400,000 Hungarian Jews having been exterminated in the Holocaust.

They have traveled for days on foot and by bus. They are tired, hungry and desperate for a better life.
President Donald Trump described the Central American migrants traveling in a caravan through Mexico as dangerous but many of them are women and children.
As many of them stay south of the border to find work there and some 200 or so migrants continue their journey into the US, here's a look at some of their stories:
'We are not bringing any guns'
Karen Gallo, 32, left Honduras along with her two children and her husband. They've been on the road for 20 days trying to make their way to the US.

The Menendez brothers, who were convicted of killing their parents in their Beverly Hills mansion nearly three decades ago, have been reunited in a Southern California prison.
Erik Menendez, 47, has moved into the same housing unit as his 50-year-old brother, Lyle Menendez, Corrections department spokeswoman Terry Thornton said Thursday.
The brothers are serving life sentences for fatally shooting their parents, Jose and Kitty Menendez, in 1989.
Lyle Menendez was moved in February from Mule Creek State Prison in Northern California to San Diego's R.J. Donovan Correctional Facility, after his security classification was lowered. But the brothers lived in separate housing units and would not have seen each other, Thornton said. The prison houses nearly 3,900 male inmates.
That changed Wednesday, when Eric moved into the same housing unit as his brother, a unit where inmates agree to participate in educational and other rehabilitation programs without fighting or creating disruptions.

A woman says her family was booted off an Alaska Airlines flight to Seattle this week because her teenage brother with Down syndrome vomited a small amount.
The teen had just boarded flight 779 in St. Louis on Monday following an Easter weekend trip when flight attendants asked him and his parents to deplane, Meaghan Hess, a third-year law student and a staffer for the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, said in a written statement.
"After boarding the flight, Patrick threw up a little and the airline workers kicked my family off the flight," said Hess, who was not traveling with her family at the time.
The airline booked the trio on a flight the next morning, but did not offer to pay for accommodations, Hess said. A representative told her father that the family should have been charged for the 6 a.m. flight but that Alaska Airlines was extending a courtesy, according to Hess.
The airline left them "stranded at the airport for nearly eleven hours knowing that my family had nowhere to go for the night," Hess said. "Instead, all they did was hand my parents a black garbage bag, saying that my brother could just throw up in that."
