
Terrified employees fled as gunfire rang out at YouTube's sprawling headquarters in San Bruno, California, on Tuesday, prompting a massive police response and evacuation as victims were transported to nearby hospitals. San Bruno police identified the suspect late Tuesday as Nasim Najafi Aghdam, 39, who was found dead from what authorities believe is a self-inflicted gunshot wound. 
San Bruno Police Chief Ed Barberini said three people were transported to local hospitals with gunshot wounds.
His department said it is working to identify a motive for the shooting. Earlier reports indicated the suspect may have known one of the victims, but police said late Tuesday that "at this time there is no evidence that the shooter knew the victims of this shooting or that individuals were specifically targeted."
Barberini said police arrived on scene at 12:48 p.m. local time and encountered frantic employees fleeing the building. "It was very chaotic as you can imagine," he said.
Responding officers encountered one victim with a gunshot wound toward the front of the building before finding the deceased suspect, Barberini said. Several minutes later, police located two additional victims at an adjacent building.
Barberini later said the suspect used a handgun and there was no further threat to the community.

China responded to President Trump’s new tariffs by threatening tariffs of its own on 106 U.S. products, including soybeans, cars and some airplanes, in the latest escalation of what risks becoming a tit-for-tat trade war between the world’s two largest economies.
Under the plan announced Wednesday, Beijing would slap 25 percent levies on a range of U.S. goods worth about $50 billion. Chinese officials did not set a date for implementation, saying that what happens next will depend on whether the U.S. president pushes ahead with his tariff plans. 
Even with the tariffs not yet in place, the news had an immediate impact on markets. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average was down about 2 percent at the opening bell.
Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index dropped 2.2 percent, and South Korea’s main exchange was down more than 1 percent. In Europe, all major markets opened lower.
Soybeans on the Chicago Board of Trade immediately dropped as much as 5.3 percent, while wheat and corn futures also slid, Bloomberg reported. 
The Chinese announcement came a day after the White House unveiled plans for tariffs on $50 billion in Chinese imports across 1,300 categories, with 25 percent levies on Chinese goods ranging from electronics, aerospace and machinery to phones, shoes and furniture. 

The office of Special Counsel Robert Mueller appears to be trying to entice President Donald Trump into an interview by assuring him last month that he is not a "target" of its investigation and is only a "subject" of the probe, at least for now, a source familiar with the discussions told POLITICO.
The recent assurance that Trump is not officially a target — first reported by the Washington Post — may not be worth much, since offering what prosecutors consider to be a false statement can easily tip someone over into the target category after an interview, lawyers said.
More significant, some said, is Mueller's intention to write a report on his findings about Trump's potential obstruction of justice in the probe, according to the Post. Mueller has no obligation to submit a written report on any of his findings and it had not previously been known that he intends to write one. There is no assurance that such a report would be provided to Congress or become public.
When it comes to an interview, some formal and informal advisers to Trump have been urging him not to sit for an interview because of the legal peril it could create. Several of the guilty pleas Mueller has already netted in his investigation are for false statements made in interviews with FBI agents working for his office.

The hypnotist called himself the Rev. Xavier von Koss, and advertised courses in "MASTER HYPNOTISM." He would probably be forgotten now, but his name appears briefly in investigators' files on the death of Martin Luther King Jr., an accidental witness to history.
On Jan. 4, 1968, at his South Bay office, Von Koss met a man named Eric S. Galt.
Von Koss was one of the many gurus offering enlightenment to Southern Californians as the Southland was being torn apart and reknitted by the racial, political and spiritual upheaval of the 1960s.
Galt appeared to be one of Southern California's many drifters, in search of personal reinvention. Von Koss' $20 courses, as advertised in The Times, promised the "Innermost Hidden Secrets of HYPNOTIC MIND-POWER."
 A hypnotist calling himself the Rev. Xavier von Koss took out this classified advertisement in the Dec. 10, 1968, issue of the Los Angeles Times. In January of that year, a man later revealed to be Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassin, James Earl Ray, visited Von Koss' office.
"He told me he was considering taking a course in bartending.… But when I emphasized that he must complete his course in bartending, that he must work hard, that he must go to night school, that he must construct a settled-down life, I could feel a wall rising between us," Von Koss recalled later to a journalist. "I lost him. His mind moved far away from what I was saying to him."

Rebecca Dallet, a Milwaukee County Circuit judge favored by liberals, was elected on Tuesday to the Wisconsin Supreme Court, The Associated Press reported, reducing the hold of conservative justices over the state’s highest court.
Judge Dallet’s defeat of Michael Screnock, a Sauk County Circuit judge who had the backing of conservatives, was immediately being held up as a sign of Democratic enthusiasm ahead of the November elections, in a state that narrowly chose President Trump in 2016.
The election was officially nonpartisan, and it involved candidates who were little known in Wisconsin until a few weeks ago. It was held during an off season for voting, on a day when snow and freezing rain were predicted in parts of the state.
Still, the realities of this race fell firmly along partisan lines, as have many Wisconsin Supreme Court races in recent years. And it came at a moment when seemingly every contest across the country is being examined through the lens of the approaching midterm elections. A series of recent races in states like Pennsylvania, Alabama and Virginia has shown Democratic strength.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court contest was the first chance in 2018 to take the temperature of voters across the state — a matter of intense interest to analysts, in part because Wisconsin’s choice of President Trump in 2016 marked the first time in 32 years that a Republican had carried the state in a presidential race. Wisconsin state politics had been shifting to the right; in 2010, Scott Walker, a Republican, won the governor’s office, and both chambers of the State Legislature flipped to red as well.

A Marine Corps helicopter crashed Tuesday in California during a routine training mission and all four crew members aboard are presumed dead.
The CH-53E Super Stallion helicopter crashed near the city of El Centro, which is near the Mexico border, around 2:35 p.m., according to a statement from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
The four crew members' identities have not been released yet pending 24 hours after notifying their families.
The CH-53 helicopters are used to transport heavy equipment and supplies, and are capable of lifting 16 tons, according to the Marines website.

Britain's claim that Moscow was behind the poisoning of a former Russian spy faced fresh scrutiny Wednesday when it emerged the UK government had deleted a tweet blaming Russia for producing the nerve agent used in the attack.
The UK Foreign Office acknowledged it had removed the social media post, which stated that British chemical weapons experts believed Russia made the nerve agent, Novichok, used to poison Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury on March 4.
A Foreign Office spokesperson told CNN that the tweet was removed because it was "truncated and did not accurately report" a briefing by the British ambassador to Moscow last month.
The revelation came as the UK government was already on the defensive on the issue. On Tuesday, the chief executive of the Porton Down defense laboratory in the UK said scientists could not confirm where the nerve agent was made. The British government insisted that additional material from intelligence sources led it to the conclusion that Russia was behind the attack.
Russia, which has repeatedly denied involvement in the attack and has sought to blame Britain instead, seized on the developments. The Russian embassy in London tweeted: "Why would @foreignoffice delete this tweet from 22 March?"

With a decision seemingly imminent about whether to bring home U.S. troops from Syria, President Donald Trump's national security team is advising against a hasty withdrawal even as he makes his preference clear: "I want to get out."
Trump's director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, told reporters Wednesday that the White House would announce a decision about America's military involvement in the war-torn country "relatively soon." Coats said national security officials held an "all-hands-on deck" meeting Tuesday and "some decisions were made."
Trump said he expects to decide "very quickly" whether to remove U.S. forces, saying their primary mission was to defeat the Islamic State group. "We've almost completed that task," he said.
Trump's comments to reporters at the White House on Tuesday conflicted with views of his military advisers, some of who spoke at a separate event in Washington about the need to stay in Iraq and Syria to finish off the militant group that once controlled large swaths of territory in both countries.

A decline in diesel-car sales in Germany accelerated in March, the first month after a court ruled that cities can ban vehicles to tackle pollution.
Sales of diesel-powered cars in Europe’s largest auto market plunged by a quarter last month, Germany’s KBA automotive watchdog said on Wednesday, after declining 19.5 percent in February and 17.6 percent in January.
Germany’s top administrative court ruled in February that cities have the right to ban the most polluting diesel vehicles as they struggle to improve air quality damaged by nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions, known to cause respiratory disease.
To stem the plunge in diesel sales, carmakers including Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) and Daimler have extended incentives for buyers of new diesel cars.
But fears among drivers of possible restrictions and short supplies of vehicles with the latest Euro 6d generation of diesel engines will weigh on sales in coming months, analysts said.
“For the time being, new diesel sales will not recover,” Peter Fuss, a senior partner and automotive specialist in concultancy EY’s German practice, said on Wednesday.

President Donald Trump in recent days has decried "weak" US border laws that he says leave the US vulnerable to unfettered immigration -- but some of his policies could have the effect of worsening a Central American migrant crisis.
Even as the Department of Homeland Security says the southern border "is more difficult to illegally cross today than ever before," Trump has stepped up his hardline immigration rhetoric, calling on the US military to guard the US-Mexico border until his long-promised wall is complete. He's hammered Mexico and other countries for policies that he says are disadvantageous to the US and that send unsavory individuals into the country.
But experts say the President has been pursuing other policies that could substantially harm Central America -- and in doing so, he risks creating conditions that generate the exact kind of mass exodus north that he talks about wanting to solve.
Immigration is driven by what are called push and pull factors. The US has been seeking aggressive immigration powers to cut down on what they say are pull factors -- the perception that immigrants can live illegally with impunity in the US. But those very policies could affect push factors -- the conditions of poverty and violence that drive immigrants elsewhere out of desperation.

Illegal immigration, the border wall, Democrats, "fake news" and even "Cheatin' Obama."
These are the base-rallying call signs President Donald Trump has deployed on Twitter in the last week, just as he is facing a rare onslaught of criticism from pockets of his right-wing base over a $1.3 trillion spending measure he signed that didn't include new border wall funding. The law included about $1.6 billion for border security.
The lengthiest of his recent Twitter rants came in the last three mornings, after he spent the weekend at Mar-a-Lago venting with allies and fielding the concerns of conservatives who worry he hasn't done enough to mollify his political base's demands for action on illegal immigration.
Privately, sources close to the President and the White House say Trump is also increasingly turning to the 2018 midterm elections and has focused on how he can help deliver high turnout numbers among his supporters. Motivation his base is something the President and some of his allies believe will be key to keeping Congress in Republican hands and thus help avoid potential impeachment proceedings from a Democratic House.
"He's only going to rev this up. He's looking at targets that the base hates," one source close to the White House said. "The enthusiasm gap between 'the resistance' and 'the base' is now palpable."

President Donald Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., responded to Tuesday's multiple shooting at YouTube's headuqarters by defending the National Rifle Association and attacking the media.
Authorities say the shooting was carried out by Nasim Aghdam, an Iranian-born, 39-year-old vegan, animal rights activist and aspiring social media star.
The attack came amid a wide reckoning on gun violence in the US, which Trump Jr. quickly commented on.
After Instagram and YouTube blocked Aghdam's accounts, Trump Jr. speculated on how things might be different if the shooter were a member of the National Rifle Association.
"You think there's any chance whatsoever that a mass shooters hateful Instagram and YouTube channels would be pulled immediately if they were NRA members as opposed to liberal Vegan PETA activists? Asking for a few million friends in the @NRA" Trump Jr. tweeted.
Responding to a tweet suggesting that pundits may try to blame the YouTube shooting on "right-wing gun nuts," Trump Jr. tweeted "They will find a way. Just wait."
