
Happy Spotify Day!
"U.S. stocks had their worst April start since 1929," reported Bloomberg News yesterday, and while careful technical analysis reveals that we are only one trading day into April, it was still a bad day. The S&P 500 was down 2.2 percent on the day, and closed below its 200-day moving average. 
So, I dunno, would you launch an initial public offering into a market like that? If you are Spotify Technology SA, the answer is "ehhh whatever I don't care it's not really an IPO anyway." Typically you try not to launch an IPO when markets are lurching down, investors are worried, and no one has time to give a new public company the generous open-hearted attention that it wants. But with Spotify's direct listing, which is scheduled for this morning, who cares? If no one wants to buy stock this morning, that's fine, they won't, but it'll open and be here and they can buy stock this afternoon. (Er, I mean, maybe it'll open this afternoon: The opening auction takes time, and "the NYSE and others close to the deal have warned it could take an unusually long time to open.") If no one wants to sell into a choppy market, that's fine, they won't, but it'll open and be here and they can sell tomorrow. There is no symbolically important IPO price to care about, and Spotify isn't raising money, so there is no money to be left on the table by pricing in a bad market. You just quietly flip the public-market switch from Off to On and don't worry too much about what happens after that. It's sort of soothing.

Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt used an obscure provision in the Safe Drinking Water Act to increase the salaries of two close aides at the agency last month after the White House refused to boost their pay, according to two people with firsthand knowledge of the matter.
Sarah Greenwalt, 30, Pruitt’s senior counsel, and Millan Hupp, 26, his director of scheduling and advance, both worked with him in Oklahoma and are part of his inner circle at the EPA. Last month, he asked the White House Office of Presidential Personnel to give Greenwalt a 52 percent raise, bringing her salary to $164,200, and to award Hupp a nearly 33 percent increase, raising her salary to $114,590.
After the White House declined the request, according to people speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss personnel matters, Pruitt reappointed both staff members under the authority of the Safe Drinking Water Act. The law allows the EPA chief to hire up to 30 people without presidential or congressional approval, which gave Pruitt the ability to set their salary levels himself.
The move to raise the two salaries, first reported Tuesday morning by the Atlantic, is the latest example of Pruitt’s unorthodox approach to running the EPA and using federal money. Congressional Democrats and some ethics experts are increasingly questioning  aspects of his leadership and operation.

President Trump’s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort was an early target in Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian election interference, according to a newly released Justice Department memo.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told Mueller in August 2017 that he was authorized specifically to investigate allegations that Manafort colluded with the Kremlin in its interference in the 2016 presidential election, and that Manafort received money illegally from Ukrainian politicians he represented from 2006 to 2015.
The classified memo provides the first official confirmation that the Justice Department considered President Trump’s former campaign chairman central to the special counsel probe that has yielded five guilty pleas and the indictment of 13 Russians.
The Justice Department filed the memo in court late Monday to rebut Manafort’s efforts to have the criminal charges against him dismissed. Manafort contends that Rosenstein’s appointment of Mueller in May 2017 was illegal and that Mueller had exceeded the investigative authority that Rosenstein provided.

China’s President Xi Jinping urged local governments and companies -- especially state-owned enterprises -- to speed up efforts to reduce debt, as part of what he called the “critical battles” against financial risk, pollution and poverty.
Xi made the comments at the first meeting of China’s Central Committee for Financial and Economic Affairs, previously the Leading Group for Financial and Economic Affairs, in Beijing on Monday, the state-run Xinhua News Agency reported, citing a statement from the meeting. China will prioritize problems that threaten economic stability and lead to systemic risks, Xinhua said, adding that Xi chaired the meeting.
A borrowing binge after the global financial crisis saw China’s debt levels balloon to more than two-and-a-half times the size of its economy, the world’s second-largest. Xi has pushed the campaign to address risk in the financial system amid concern that leverage could pose a threat to economic growth and national security. China is trying to shift its economy away from debt-fueled expansion toward higher-quality output, and part of that drive has involved cracking down on shadow banking and corporate lending conditions.
While borrowers linked to the state are seen as having Beijing’s implicit support, rules around fundraising by local government-linked bodies known as LGFVs have been tightened, and ratings agencies say some could be allowed to default at some point. Debt of state-owned firms has continued to climb, up 9.3 percent to 106.7 trillion yuan ($17 trillion) in the year to the end of February, according to data from China’s finance ministry.

Democratic congressman Beto O’Rourke may still be a long shot to unseat Republican senator Ted Cruz in Texas this November. But his fundraising prowess indicates that, at the least, he’s mounting a seriously formidable challenge.
O’Rourke announced on Tuesday that he had raised $6.7 million in the first quarter of 2018 — more, his campaign says, than any Democratic candidate nationwide during that period.
Perhaps even more impressive is that O’Rourke, taking a page out of the Bernie Sanders playbook, has sworn off any money from corporate political action committees. His haul was made up entirely of small donations, from more than 141,000 supporters.
The new number far surpasses O’Rourke’s previous fundraising numbers at the end of 2017, which had easily bested Cruz’s total during the same period. Still, Cruz had more cash on hand than O’Rourke as of February, by more than a million dollars. The senator has not yet released his first-quarter fundraising numbers.
Democrats have long dreamed about turning Texas blue, a goal that seems perennially just out of reach. The state is rapidly diversifying, but it is still decidedly red, and hasn’t elected a Democrat to statewide office since 1994. Racial disparities in voting make the state challenging terrain for liberals.

Jeff Henry and his longtime friend and business partner, John Schooley, had coupled an ambitious goal with an impossible timeline: Build the world’s tallest waterslide and get it featured on a Travel Channel show about water parks, all in a few short months.
What the two men did not have, prosecutors say, were credentials in mathematics, physics or engineering — things needed to safely bring their dream to fruition.
It ended tragically in August 2016. Ten-year-old Caleb Schwab was decapitated on the ride named Verrückt — the German word for “insane.” The ensuing swarm of investigators said they found signs of rushed construction and a trail of negligence leading back to Henry and Schooley, prosecutors say.
Now, the two men — magnates of the American water park industry — face second-degree murder charges. The 168-foot-7-inch tall ride — taller than Niagara Falls — has been closed, and the Guinness Book of World Records page that featured Verrückt as the world’s tallest waterslide now gives viewers an error message.
Henry was arrested March 26. Schooley, who was out of the country when the grand jury indictment was unsealed, was arrested by U.S. Marshals when he landed at Dallas/Fort Worth airport Monday night, according to Dallas NBC-affiliate KXAS.

sraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday scrapped an agreement with the United Nations to resettle thousands of African asylum seekers in the West, giving into pressure from immigration hard-liners who saw the deal as rewarding illegal migrants.
After speaking to residents in southern Tel Aviv, a traditionally working-class area where many African migrants settled in recent years, Netanyahu said he “decided to cancel the agreement.”
Without the U.N. deal, thousands of Sudanese and Eritrean migrants will be left in legal limbo within Israel. Around 38,000 live in Israel, most of whom entered the country illegally via the land border with Egypt before a border fence was completed in 2013.
Activists say many would face persecution if they are returned back home. 
On Monday, Netanyahu announced the “unprecedented understanding” with the U.N. refugee agency that would move more than 16,000 migrants to Western nations. The same number would be given temporary residency status within Israel and trained in sectors such as solar energy and agriculture.

President Trump used his Twitter account Tuesday to threaten foreign aid to Honduras as he continued to focus on a “caravan” of 1,000 migrants, primarily from the Central American nation, that conservative media have spotlighted in recent days. 
For the third straight day, Trump used the migrants’ journey north to call for tougher immigration policies and warn of what he called “weak” border security. But the prospect of cutting off foreign aid added a new dimension to threats from the president that had centered largely on potentially walking away from the North American Free Trade Agreement, which his administration is renegotiating. 
Honduras received about $127.5 million in aid from the United States in fiscal 2016, according to data from the U.S. Agency for International Development. 
“The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there,” Trump tweeted shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday. “Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!”
The “caravan” — an annual event that is meant to draw attention to the refugee crisis in Central America — has spurred new calls from Trump for an immigration crackdown, particularly funding for a U.S.-Mexico border wall that has eluded him.

Three foreign powers who have shaped Syria’s civil war - Iran, Russia and Turkey - will discuss ways to wind down the fighting on Wednesday despite their involvement in rival military campaigns on the ground.
A Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army fighter is seen in Afrin, Syria. REUTERS/Khalil Ashawi
The leaders of the three countries will meet in Ankara for talks on a new constitution for Syria and increasing security in “de-escalation” zones across the country, Turkish officials say.
The Syria summit brings together two powers which have been President Bashar al-Assad’s most forceful supporters, Iran and Russia, with one of his strongest opponents, Turkey.
Cooperation between the rival camps raised hopes of stabilising Syria after seven years of conflict in which 500,000 people have been killed and half the population displaced.
But the violence has raged on, highlighting strategic rifts between the three countries who, in the absence of decisive Western intervention, hold Syria’s fate largely in their hands.
Syria’s army and Iran-backed militias, with Russian air power, have crushed insurgents near Damascus in eastern Ghouta - one of the four mooted “de-escalation zones”.

The Indian government announced it would crack down on so-called fake news by threatening to withdraw journalists’ official accreditation, but it withdrew the plan just a few hours later following complaints online.
The move was seen as an astonishing attack upon press freedom in a country where journalists are increasingly under siege — four journalists have been assaulted by police in March alone. The term fake news has come to be used to describe any stories the government doesn’t like, and critics said steps to combat it were actually a way to gag journalists ahead of the 2019 general election.
India’s Information and Broadcasting Ministry unveiled the anti–fake news measures on Monday, but they were withdrawn by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s office by noon on Tuesday. In the past few months, governments in both Singapore and Malaysia have proposed similar measures to crack down on fake news while limiting the freedom of the press. In Singapore, Human Rights Watch has criticized the parliamentary committee formed to deal with fake news, stating that the committee was simply a way for the government to silence its critics. Meanwhile in Malaysia, the government has passed a law despite opposition to make fake news punishable by a six-year prison sentence.

Public schoolteachers in the entire state of West Virginia went on a nine-day strike recently, shutting down schools to demand livable wages. They won a 5 percent raise.
In Arizona, thousands of teachers took to the streets in Phoenix, Tucson and other cities last week to demand a 20 percent pay hike and increased school funding — and are threatening a strike if their demands are not met.
In Kentucky, thousands of teachers and supporters marched Monday to the Capitol to protest school funding cuts and changes to their pensions. That was after the Republican-led legislature attached a pension plan to a sewage bill. The Lexington Herald-Leader quoted art teacher Jeffrey Peeno saying: “When they pass this with the sewage bill, it tells us exactly what we need to know about what they think of us.”
And in Oklahoma, teachers walked out across the state Monday seeking better classroom conditions and higher pay in a protest that, remarkably, has the support not only of the teachers union but of district officials, including the Tulsa schools superintendent.

The Wright brothers never got far off the ground in Montgomery. They opened America’s first flying school for civilians here in 1910, but they struggled to find plane parts and deal with high winds. The school closed after about 10 weeks.
A military depot came next. That lasted a lot longer.
Over the next century it grew into the modern military education center known as Maxwell Air Force Base. And it took the region along for the ride, shaping its ambitions, its workforce, its culture and its people.
Almost 20 percent of the River Region’s population is tied to the military, according to the Montgomery Area Chamber of Commerce. That includes military members and their families, retirees and contractors associated with Maxwell and the tech-heavy operations at its Gunter annex.
Air University alone instructs more than 50,000 people annually, including the nation’s future leaders. Meanwhile, a small army of contractors make a living by providing services to the base and its people.
Chamber military liaison Joe Greene gets the point home by telling businesses here that one out of every five people who walk through their doors will be related to the military.
