
The fire on the 50th floor New York City's Trump Tower that left 67-year-old Todd Brassner dead and six firefighters injured was the second fire in the building in 2018 — President Trump's centerpiece Manhattan skyscraper built that opened in 1984, but which does not have sprinklers on its residential floors. FDNY commissioner Daniel Nigro noted on Saturday that the upper, residential floors of Trump Tower do not have sprinklers — a measure required in new buildings since 1999, but which President Trump, then a private citizen and property developer, lobbied to try and prevent. 
New York City in 1999 became last big city in the nation to require sprinklers, according to the New York Daily News. Under the 1999 legislation, buildings constructed before then were only required to have sprinklers if they underwent gut renovations. 
According to The New York Times, Mr. Trump was one of the developers in the late 1990s who lobbied against sprinklers in buildings. He then recanted once the legislation passed with grandfathering provisions that meant existing buildings did not need to install them, saying that he understood they made residents "feel safer." Commissioner Nigro said on Saturday that there is extra fire protection at Trump Tower when Mr. Trump is there. 

Syrian doctors and rescue workers said Sunday that scores of people had died in an apparent chemical attack on a besieged enclave near Damascus, as government forces escalate their battle there.
At least 42 people were killed in the attack in Douma, the final rebel stronghold northeast of Damascus, according to the Syrian-American Medical Society.
The group, a Washington-based nonprofit medical relief organization that supports health facilities in the area, shared photographs of men, women and young children, apparently dead and foaming at the mouth. They said a barrel bomb packed with chemicals had hit an air raid shelter Saturday night.
It was not possible to independently confirm that claim, and Syrian state media denied government involvement.
The U.S. State Department said it was monitoring mass casualty reports, describing them as “horrifying.”
Hundreds of people have been killed in eastern Ghouta, of which Douma is the largest city, since the Syrian army and allied Russian forces began a punishing assault to root rebels from the area.

Voting is under way in Hungary, where the prime minister, Viktor Orbán, is seeking to win a third consecutive term.
After running a campaign almost exclusively focused on the threat posed by migration, Orbán’s Fidesz party is expected to win a majority in parliament. However, a late push for coordination among the opposition, as well a string of corruption scandals around the government has given Orbán’s foes a glimmer of hope.
Orbán, who rose to prominence in the late 1980s as a young liberal calling for Soviet troops to withdraw from Hungary, has morphed into a rightwing nationalist over the years. He served one term as prime minister between 1998 and 2002, and was then in opposition for eight years until his Fidesz party won a two-thirds majority in parliament in 2010 and 2014.
Since the refugee crisis of 2015, Orbán’s rhetoric on migration has become increasingly sharp. His government has built a fence along the country’s southern border to keep out migrants and Orbán has claimed he is fighting a conspiracy to destroy Hungary led by the Hungarian-American billionaire George Soros.
“On Sunday the future of Hungary will be irreparably determined for many decades to come,” Orbán said in his final campaign speech on Friday. “If the levy breaks, if they open the borders, if migrants enter the country, there is no way back.”

As ethical questions threaten the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Scott Pruitt, President Trump has defended him with a persuasive conservative argument: Mr. Pruitt is doing a great job at what he was hired to do, roll back regulations.
But legal experts and White House officials say that in Mr. Pruitt’s haste to undo government rules and in his eagerness to hold high-profile political events promoting his agenda, he has often been less than rigorous in following important procedures, leading to poorly crafted legal efforts that risk being struck down in court.
The result, they say, is that the rollbacks, intended to fulfill one of the president’s central campaign pledges, may ultimately be undercut or reversed.
“In their rush to get things done, they’re failing to dot their i’s and cross their t’s. And they’re starting to stumble over a lot of trip wires,” said Richard Lazarus, a professor of environmental law at Harvard. “They’re producing a lot of short, poorly crafted rulemakings that are not likely to hold up in court.”
Six of Mr. Pruitt’s efforts to delay or roll back Obama-era regulations — on issues including pesticides, lead paint and renewable-fuel requirements — have been struck down by the courts. Mr. Pruitt also backed down on a proposal to delay implementing smog regulations and another to withdraw a regulation on mercury pollution.

A psychologically disturbed man plowed a van into a crowd in the northern German city of Münster on Saturday afternoon, killing two people and injuring 20 before shooting himself, German officials said.
The attack sparked fears on a continent that has been hit repeatedly by attacks in which vehicles have been turned into weapons in crowded city centers. But a top German official said that investigators did not believe the attack was by a terrorist.
“At the moment, there is no evidence that there is any Islamist background” to the attack, said Herbert Reul, the interior minister of North Rhine-Westphalia, the state where Münster is located. He said that the driver was a German citizen and that investigators were still working to establish a motive. Reul said that two victims and the attacker died in the incident, lowering the toll from what authorities previously said was three victims.
A senior German security official briefed on the ongoing investigation said that investigators believe the attacker was the 48-year-old in whose name the van is registered and that he had recently tried to take his life.

Authorities announced on Saturday they recovered a body near the site where the mothers of six adopted children intentionally drove off a cliff in late March.
The Mendocino Sheriff's Department said in a release it received a call about a body found near Juan Creek and Highway 1 in Westport, California, at about 2 p.m. local time. The sheriff's department identified the body only as an African-American female and said an autopsy would be conducted on Tuesday.
"The Sheriff's Office is investigating the possibility that the body may be one of the two missing Hart girls but identification will most likely be done through DNA analysis, a process that can take several weeks," the sheriff's department said.
Mystery deepens in search for 15-year-old whose photo went viral during the 2014 Ferguson protests
Jennifer and Sarah Hart, a married couple from Washington who adopted six children, appear to have intentionally driven the family off a cliff on March 26. All eight people are presumed dead, though authorities have only positively identified Jennifer, Sarah and three of their children.
The body found Saturday could be Hannah Hart, 16, or Sierra Hart, 12, who are still missing, but officials presume they were also killed in the accident.

Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was spending his first night in jail, a stunning fall from grace for a man who rose from nothing to lead Latin America’s largest nation and later became engulfed in corruption allegations.
Foreshadowing possible clashes in the weeks to come, police shot rubber bullets and sprayed tear gas late Saturday at supporters waiting for da Silva as he landed in a police helicopter in the southern city of Curitiba, where he will serve his 12-year sentence for money laundering and corruption.
Just a few hours before that, da Silva had to have guards push their way out of a metal workers union in a Sao Paulo suburb so he could turn himself in to police; supporters were trying to keep him from going into custody.
Speaking to thousands of supporters at the union that was the spiritual birthplace of da Silva’s rise to prominence, the former leader said would turn himself in so as to continue fighting a corruption conviction that he said amounted to a way for enemies to make sure he doesn’t run — and possibly win — re-election in October.

Yaser Murtaja had often filmed from the sky, but he never lived to fulfill his dream of flying on an airplane through the clouds.  
The young journalist shot drone images and video for Ain Media, a small Gaza-based news agency he started five years ago. Just two weeks ago, he posted an aerial photo of Gaza City’s port on Facebook. “I wish that the day would come to take this shot when I’m in the air and not on the ground,” he wrote. “My name is Yaser Murtaja. I’m 30 years old. I live in Gaza City. I’ve never traveled!”
It was one of his last posts. 
Murtaja, who was married and had a 2-year-old son, died Saturday after being shot the day before while covering protests at the edge of the Gaza Strip.
His work had appeared on networks such as Al Jazeera, and in 2016 he worked as a cameraman for Ai Weiwei’s documentary, “Human Flow,” which covered the global refu­gee crisis, including Palestinians in Gaza. The Chinese visual artist posted photos of Murtaja on his Instagram account on Saturday.

The United States and North Korea have been directly communicating in secret to prepare for the upcoming summit between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, CNN reported Saturday, citing administration officials.
Officials noted that CIA Director Mike Pompeo, whom Trump has nominated to be secretary of State, has been leading back-channel talks in preparation for the summit that the White House has indicated will happen around May.
The New York Times reported last month that Pompeo, still in his role as CIA chief, was leading the back-channel communications, a move that was seen as proof of the dwindling role of the State Department, which would normally handle such diplomatic responsibilities.
American and North Korean officials have spoken a number of times and also met in a third country, focusing on agreeing to a location for the summit, CNN reported.
North Korea is reportedly pushing to hold the talks in its capital, Pyongyang, a source told the network. It isn’t yet clear if the Trump administration would be willing to agree to hold the talks there. Ulaanbaatar, the capital of Mongolia, is also being considered, CNN reported.

A monsignor who had been recalled to the Vatican as a diplomat in the Holy See’s Washington Embassy was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of possessing child pornography in the United States and Canada.
Msgr. Carlo Alberto Capella was arrested by the Vatican police on a warrant issued by the Holy See’s chief magistrate, the Vatican said in a statement.
Monsignor Capella, who was recalled from the Vatican Embassy in August, was arrested according to articles of a 2013 law signed by Pope Francis. The articles cited by the statement related to child pornography.
If indicted, the monsignor will have to stand trial in the Vatican and face up to 12 years in prison on conviction.
The arrest was the latest blow to the Roman Catholic Church as it struggles to overcome repeated cases of sexual abuse among its clergy. The case was also the worst involving a diplomat since that of former Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski, who in 2013 faced charges of paying boys for sexual acts and downloading and buying pedophile material while he was the Vatican’s ambassador in the Dominican Republic.

After White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly pressured President Trump last fall to install his top deputy, Kirstjen Nielsen, atop the Department of Homeland Security, the president lost his temper when conservative allies argued that she wasn’t sufficiently hard line on immigration. “You didn’t tell me she was a [expletive] George W. Bush person,” Trump growled.
After Kelly told Fox News Channel’s Bret Baier in a January interview that Trump’s immigration views had not been “fully informed” during the campaign and had since “evolved,” the president berated Kelly in the Oval Office — his shouts so loud they could be heard through the doors.
And less than two weeks ago, Kelly grew so frustrated on the day that Trump fired Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin that Nielsen and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis both tried to calm him and offered pep talks, according to three people with knowledge of the incident.
“I’m out of here, guys,” Kelly said — comments some interpreted as a resignation threat, but according to a senior administration official, he was venting his anger and leaving work an hour or two early to head home. 

A body was recovered Saturday in the vicinity where an SUV plunged off a Northern California cliff last month, killing a family of eight in what authorities suspect may have been an intentional crash. The body appears to be that of an African American female, but the age and identity could not immediately be determined, said Lt. Shannon Barney. An autopsy is planned Tuesday to determine a cause of death. 
The Mendocino County Sheriff's office said in a statement that a couple vacationing along the coast saw a possible body, which was pulled from the surf Saturday afternoon by a third bystander. 
While authorities said they believe the body may be that of one of two missing girls from the crash, positive identification will most likely be done by DNA analysis, which could take weeks.
Sarah and Jennifer Hart and their six adopted children were believed to be in the family's SUV when it plunged off a cliff last month. Five bodies were found March 26 near Mendocino, a few days after Washington state authorities began investigating the Harts for possible child neglect, but three of their children were not immediately recovered from the scene. 
