
 Speaker Paul D. Ryan announced Wednesday that he will not seek re-election in November, ending a brief stint atop the House and signaling the peril that the Republican majority faces in the midterm elections.
Mr. Ryan said he will serve until the end of this Congress in January, which will mark 20 years in Congress. He insisted he will be “leaving this majority in good hands with what I believe is a very bright future.”
But his retirement announcement is sure to kick off a succession battle for the leadership of the House Republican Conference, likely between the House majority leader, Kevin McCarthy of California, and the House majority whip, Steve Scalise of Louisiana. And it could also trigger another wave of retirements among Republicans not eager to face angry voters in the fall and taking their cue from Mr. Ryan.
As if on cue, Representative Dennis Ross, Republican of Florida, announced his retirement an hour after Mr. Ryan.
Mr. Ryan’s intentions were first reported by Axios.
Mr. Ryan’s decision to quit caught many in the party by surprise. He had just hosted a donor retreat last week in Texas and most officials believed he would not leave until after November.

Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim is calling on the United States and Russia to work toward “healing wounds” in Syria, comparing their threats and exchanges of words to a street fight between “bullies.”
Addressing an economic conference, Yildirim said Wednesday: “They are fighting like street bullies. ... The time is not one for competing. It is time to heal the wounds of the region.”
Yildirim’s comments came hours after U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that the U.S. will be launching missiles at targets in Syria in response to the suspected chemical attack in a rebel-held area that killed at least 40 people.
Russia’s Foreign Ministry responded by suggesting that the U.S. missiles would destroy evidence of a suspected chemical weapons attack.

On Tuesday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg answered questions from 44 senators in a hearing that went for nearly five hours. On Wednesday, he will answer even more questions, from 55 House Representatives, about the role Facebook played in various scandals involving the improper care of Facebook users' data and how those issues can be addressed moving forward.
Zuckerberg had reportedly been training for weeks to face the three committees in two Congressional hearings this week, but his talking points didn't prepare him to answer every question that came his way. Some questions required specific figures or precise explanations that he wasn't able to provide on the spot.
Even when prodded, Zuckerberg was careful not to ensure a response in case his team was unable to follow through, addressing questions he was unsure of with some variation of "if you'd like I can have my team follow up with you after this."

An Algerian military transport plane crashed Wednesday just after taking off from an air base south of the capital, Algiers, killing 257 people, according to a statement from the Ministry of Defense.
The Russian-built Ilyushin Il-76 was headed to the southwestern city of Bechar when it crashed just outside the Boufarik military air base in a farm field. The dead included soldiers and family members.
“The number of martyrs has risen to 247 passengers and 10 members of the crew, most of whom are members of the army as well as their families,” said the ministry statement. “The bodies of the victims are being taken to the Central Hospital of the Army in Ain Naadja to identify them.”
The military added that Gen. Gaid Salah, head of the army, had gone to the site and ordered an investigation into the crash.
Television images showed black smoke billowing from the crash site, some 20 miles south of Algiers on the way to the city of Blida. Rescue personnel moved around the shattered plane.

President Donald Trump on Wednesday pledged that he will continue to “fight back” against special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe and insisted that reports of chaos inside the White House are “fake news.”
He quickly made good on his pledge to continue his rhetorical assault, tweeting: “Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake & Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA & Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!”
Mueller and Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general overseeing the Mueller probe, are both Republicans, and Rosenstein was appointed by Trump.
Other Republicans were already following Trump’s lead, increasing their attacks on the Department of Justice and the FBI as investigations reach deeper into the president’s inner circle. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) threatened on Tuesday night to impeach Rosenstein and FBI director Christopher Wray over what he sees as a lack of cooperation into Republicans’ investigation into possible bias at the FBI.

The arrival of spring is often prime time for hay fever, but adolescents seem to be able to develop an allergy to their parents, either intermittent or chronic, at any time of the year. This allergy usually has a sudden onset around age 13 and can last for months or, in some cases, years. While it’s no fun to become the parent who cannot order food or hum along to a song without irritating his or her own child, we’re better able to ride out this temporary adolescent affliction when we appreciate its causes.
Growing up involves becoming separate from our parents. This project often begins in early adolescence with an abrupt and powerful urge to distinguish oneself from the adults at home. It’s no small task for teenagers to detach from those who have superintended nearly every aspect of their lives so far.
As teenagers begin to disentangle from their folks, they inevitably sort a parent’s every behavior and predilection into one of two categories: those they reject, and those they intend to adopt. Unfortunately for the peace of the household, each of these categories creates its own problem for teenagers intent on establishing their individuality.

It was supposed to be a magical trip, an opportunity for Rosalyn Joy Few, 64, and Normand Larose, 62, both Americans, to celebrate their heritage.
The Arizona couple was traveling with Few’s daughter and grandchildren in Ireland. Like most visitors, they set out to see the country’s highlights, such as the Gap of Dunloe, a stunning mountain pass popular with tourists. On Monday, the family gathered at Kate Kearney’s cottage, a cozy bar and restaurant, then set off in a pair of horse-drawn carriages.
Two miles later, tragedy struck.
According to the Irish Times, the horse pulling Few and Larose’s carriage either startled or slipped, and then they all went tumbling 12 feet down into a steep ravine. Few’s daughter and grandchildren came upon the gruesome scene just minutes later. “They are absolutely distraught as you can imagine,” a witness told the Irish Independent.
Another witness, Stewart Ainsley, told the Irish Mirror that he saw the whole thing.
“It was so so terrible,” he said. “I climbed down and helped lift the cart off the man and woman. ... The horse was pulling on the cart that was on top of them, so we had to get the horse away from it and then lift the trap off.”

 Eighty-two Indonesians have died and many more have been hospitalized after drinking tainted bootleg liquor last week, police said on Wednesday.
The deaths occurred in the capital Jakarta and neighboring province of West Java and at least a dozen men had been detained on suspicion of making and distributing the drink, police said.
“This is a crazy phenomenon that has caused tremendous loss for the public in the past week,” said deputy national police chief Syafruddin.
“We must trace it to the roots, who the masterminds are and the distributors.”
Laboratory tests showed that nearly pure alcohol had been mixed with herbal drinks and energy drinks with high caffeine. Police had previously said at least one suspected bootlegger had added mosquito repellent to the mix.
Police raided street stalls and homes across several cities towns and found large steel and rubber tanks used to mix the drinks. Thousands of bottles and small plastic bags of the drinks, which police said could sell for as little as 20,000 rupiah ($1.45) per bag, were seized.
Muslim-majority Indonesia imposes high rates of tax on alcohol, which sometimes leads to people turning to cheap home brews.

A U.S. proposal that automobiles should be built in high-wage areas within the NAFTA region is partly aimed at increasing engine production in the United States, and more details on the plan are expected this week, Mexican officials said.
In an idea aimed at breaking a deadlock in talks, Washington last month suggested some automotive production should happen in areas of North America paying higher salaries.
U.S. negotiators discussing changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) floated the idea that 40 percent of automotive production must happen in areas paying wages of between $16 to $19 per hour, Fausto Cuevas, the director general of auto industry group AMIA, said on Tuesday.
The negotiators have also indicated a preference that motors be built in the United States, Mexican Deputy Economy Minister Juan Carlos Baker said.
“The United States proposed baskets of products that they are more interested in. They prefer engines, the most profitable part of cars, to be made in the United States,” he said late on Monday.
Mexico wants to see a firmer U.S. proposal before responding.
“The United States has been changing its proposals, it’s better to wait ... and then later present a counterproposal,” said Economy Secretary Ildefonso Guajardo.

A judge has dismissed a motion to drop charges against detained Reuters journalists Ko Wa Lone and Ko Kyaw Soe Oo, saying that the court needs to hear more evidence before he can make a decision on whether to proceed with the trial.
Judge U Ye Lwin said today another eight prosecution witnesses would need to be called, for 25 in total. The next hearing is scheduled for April 20.
Defence lawyer U Than Zaw Aung told journalists after the decision that he believed the pre-trial hearings would conclude within the next month.
Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were arrested in December for allegedly possessing classified documents. They were working on a story, which Reuters published in February, documenting the extrajudicial killing of 10 Rohingya men in Rakhine State’s Inn Din village last year. They face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty.
Following their arrest the military admitted the massacre had taken place, contradicting its earlier claims that none of its soldiers had been involved in rights abuses in northern Rakhine State. Yesterday, the head of Myanmar’s armed forces said seven soldiers responsible for the massacre had been sentenced to 10 years’ imprisonment with hard labour.
On leaving court in Yangon today, Wa Lone said it was unfair that the killers were given a shorter sentence than those who reported on their crimes are facing. “They face jail for 10 years but we may be imprisoned for 14,” he said. Both Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo continue to protest their innocence.

A video obtained by NBC News shows U.S. Border Patrol agents attempting to break international law by forcing an injured and mentally unstable man back into Mexico by falsely claiming that he is not in their custody, failing to identify him and assuming he is Mexican because "he looks like it."
U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) provided the video after a whistleblower first alerted NBC News to the existence of the footage. The anonymous videographer was ready to film the encounter because Mexican agents had identified the area as a place where American agents frequently tried to deport migrants covertly, according to a source close to the Mexican government.
The incident occurred at the U.S.-Mexico border in Calexico, California on March 27, 2017 and sparked a complaint by Mexican officials to CBP, which launched an investigation that ended with the agents being reprimanded, but ultimately keeping their jobs.
Under an agreement between the U.S. and Mexico, Mexican nationals must be properly repatriated through the Mexican consulate, a process that includes fingerprinting and confirming the person's identity. Only then can they be sent back across the border on foot or by other means.
If a migrant is not Mexican, such as the tens of thousands crossing from Central America each month, the migrant must be deported by plane back to his or her home country.

Prominent pastor Bill Hybels announced Tuesday he is stepping down from his Chicago-area megachurch Willow Creek, just weeks after the Chicago Tribune published allegations of misconduct from several women. Hybels, who with his wife co-founded one of the nation’s largest churches in 1975, was a spiritual adviser to President Bill Clinton around the time of the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
He told the church publicly last year that he was planning to step down in October, but he resigned Tuesday, saying he would be a distraction to the church’s ministry. Some members of his congregation shouted “No!” and gave him a standing ovation following his address.
The stories surrounding Hybels have been part of a series of recent high-profile allegations of sexual misconduct among evangelical leaders.
In March, the Chicago Tribune published allegations that Hybels made suggestive comments, extended hugs, an unwanted kiss and invitations to a staff member to hotel rooms. The newspaper also reported allegations of a consensual affair with a married woman, and the woman who said she had an affair later retracted her allegations. Hybels has denied all the allegations and said on Tuesday again that the church’s investigations found no evidence of misconduct. However, he told his congregation he felt attacked and wished he had responded differently.
