1
The Pentagon says a Russian "disinformation campaign" has already begun over the U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria.
Chief Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White said Saturday that "there has been a 2,000 percent increase in Russian trolls in the past 24 hours."
The U.S., Britain and France said they launched Saturday's strike to punish Syrian President Bashar Assad for a suspected chemical attack against civilians in the town of Douma outside Damascus. Opposition leaders and rescuers say more than 40 people, including many women and children, died in the suspected chemical attack.
Russia's Foreign Ministry says the attack was an attempt to derail an investigation into a purported chemical attack. The Foreign Ministry says facts presented by Russian investigators indicated that the purported attack was a "premeditated and cynical sham."
2
James Comey’s new memoir is already a pre-publication media hit, but the former FBI director’s tell-all assault on President Donald Trump also poses major risks—not only for Comey’s personal reputation but for the wider Russia investigation he helped launch.
Trump and his allies bombarded Comey with insults Friday, targeting his credibility and seeking to undermine his image as a nonpartisan law enforcement professional. On Twitter Friday, Trump called Comey an “untruthful slime ball,” while White House press secretary Sarah Sanders branded him a “discredited partisan hack.” Other critics accused Comey of cashing in on his celebrity to an unseemly degree.
But far more significant could be the implications of Comey’s written words and upcoming media interviews for special counsel Robert Mueller’s Russia probe.
His book, “A Higher Loyalty,” represents an official statement on key parts of the federal Russia probe—including the question of whether Trump may have sought to obstruct justice, a question Mueller is investigating. Legal experts warn that Comey’s own words could complicate court proceedings or a Congressional impeachment debate triggered by Mueller’s findings.
Prosecutors like Mueller generally cringe when a witness speaks at length in public before a case has wrapped up. Comey’s blockbuster book and accompanying media tour, which kicks off in primetime on Sunday, will also expose him to the watchful eye of Trump allies and defense lawyers ready to exploit any inconsistencies in his accounts to their clients’ benefit.
3
Michael Cohen, the longtime attorney of President Trump, is under federal investigation for possible bank fraud, wire fraud and campaign finance violations, according to three people with knowledge of the case.
FBI agents on Monday raided Cohen’s Manhattan office, home and hotel room as part of the investigation, seizing records about Cohen’s clients and personal finances. Among the records taken were those related to a 2016 payment Cohen made to adult-film star Stormy Daniels, who claims to have had a sexual encounter with Trump, according to a fourth person familiar with the investigation.
Investigators took Cohen’s computer, phone and personal financial records, including tax returns, as part of the search of his office at Rockefeller Center, that person said.
In a dramatic and broad seizure, federal prosecutors collected communications between Cohen and his clients — including those between the lawyer and Trump, according to both people.
The raids — part of an investigation referred by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III to federal prosecutors in New York — point to escalating legal jeopardy for a longtime Trump confidant who is deeply intertwined in the president’s business and personal matters.
4
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg made a big splash testifying to Congress this week about the social network privacy scandal, but in the aftermath, not much changed. 
The big takeaway: Zuckerberg is still sorry, but no radical shift in business strategy was announced. Some senators are woefully ignorant about how the Internet works. The only real news was a hint of a possible paid version of Facebook. This would hypothetically reduce the privacy issues some critics have brought up. 
Facebook has admitted that some 87 million of its 2.2 billion users had their e-mail addresses, phone numbers and/or other personal information hijacked by a rogue app developer that passed on the information to a research firm aligned with the Donald Trump presidential campaign. 
The social network apologized for the action, and said it would be stricter in how it allows data to be shared, and have clearer disclosures to the public about how Facebook uses our data, including by selling advertisers access to groups of people with certain profiles. 
5
Several lawmakers reacted quickly on Friday to President Trump's decision to launch a military strike on Syria by criticizing him for failing to obtain congressional authorization for the move.
At least one GOP representative, Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) immediately joined a chorus of Democrats, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), in blasting Trump for not consulting the constitution. 
"While Bashar al-Assad must be held accountable for his unlawful use of chemical weapons against civilians, the strikes that are being carried out are being done without an authorization from Congress, which is unacceptable," Sen. Bob Casey Jr. (D-Pa.) tweeted, in one of the first reactions to Trump's announcement.
"I haven’t read France’s or Britain’s 'Constitution,' but I’ve read ours and no where in it is Presidential authority to strike Syria," said Massie.
The reactions started minutes after Trump announced in a nationally televised address that the U.S., in concert with the United Kingdom and France, had launched "precision strikes" on targets in Syria. 
6
In his decision Friday to pardon a former Bush administration official convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice, President Trump telegraphed his open hostility to the criminal justice system and his desire to use the power of the presidency as a personal political tool.
As with his controversial pardon last year of a former Arizona county sheriff, Joe Arpaio, who had been held in contempt of court, Trump effectively thumbed his nose at the judiciary by pardoning I. Lewis “Scooter” Libby. The Justice Department was not involved in either case, officials said. 
Trump acknowledged Friday that he has no personal relationship with Libby, but the George W. Bush administration veteran has powerful allies in the conservative movement who lobbied Trump over many months. Trump concluded that Libby had been unfairly convicted in 2007 because of an overzealous prosecutor who investigated the leak of a covert CIA officer’s identity and was deserving of a pardon.
“I don’t know Mr. Libby, but for years I have heard that he has been treated unfairly,” the president said in a statement. “Hopefully, this full pardon will help rectify a very sad portion of his life.”
 President Trump speaks during a news conference with Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven in the White House on March 6, 2018.  (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
7
The flareup of deadly violence in Gaza is of a new kind, even in the inventive annals of Mideast conflicts: Israeli soldiers shooting at Palestinian demonstrators burning tires and hurling firebombs across what looks like an international border, inflicting casualties while claiming concerns of a mass breach of the barrier.
But viewed another way, it’s just the latest reflection of basic facts on the ground: the situation for the 2 million people of Gaza is extraordinarily harsh and difficult to resolve. It’s not surprising so many would risk death by converging on the border fence, which has now happened three Fridays in a row, with dozens killed and hundreds injured.
By and large the people of Gaza — over two-thirds of them descended from refugees who left communities in what is now Israel — cannot leave their tiny strip of arid land along the Mediterranean coast. Anger toward Israel runs deep, yet dependence is great.
Israel blocks Gazans to the north and east, controlling who and what goes in and out. It blockades their waters to the west and prevents construction of sea and airports, with Egypt completing the blockade to the south.
Israel’s argument is that Hamas, the militant group that controls Gaza, will use materials that come into the strip for building rockets, making bombs and digging attack tunnels. The fear is well-founded.
8
Ayatollah Khamenei made the remarks on Saturday on the occasion of Eid al-Mab’ath, the anniversary of the day Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) received his first revelation and was chosen as Allah’s final messenger.
“This morning’s attack on Syria is a crime. I firmly declare that the U.S. president, the president of France, and the prime minister of Britain have committed a major crime,” the official website of the Leader quoted him as saying.
“They will gain no benefit; just as they did not while in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan over the past years, committing the same criminal acts,” the Leader noted.
The remarks came hours after a coordinated missile attack by the U.S., Britain and France on Syria in the early hours of Saturday over an alleged chemical attack in the Damascus suburb last week.
Touching upon the hypocrisy behind the attack, Ayatollah Khamenei said those who once supported Daesh (ISIL) discreetly claim to be opposing and defeating them today. “This is an apparent lie. The U.S. played no role in defeating Daesh.”
The Leader added, “They entered and helped [Daesh] where they thought it was necessary. When the main elements of Daesh were encircled, they saved them. Even before that, they were involved in creating Daesh.”
9
The Russian military has claimed that the Syrian air defences, whose most modern weapon is a three-decades-old Russian-supplied anti-aircraft system, shot down 71 of 103 missiles fired by the US and its allies, the UK and France, a claim denied by the Pentagon.
As further details began to emerge about the sites targeted by the US-led strikes, Col Gen Sergei Rudskoi of the Russian military said the strikes had not caused any casualties and that Syrian military facilities suffered only minor damage.
It was not possible to verify the claims. The most up-to-date system that Moscow has supplied to the Syrian regime is the short range Pantsir S-1, which has an anti-missile capability.
Russia said its advisers had spent the last 18 months completely rebuilding the Syrian air defence system, and said the high number of intercepted rockets spoke to “the high effectiveness of the weaponry in Syria and the excellent training of Syrian servicemen prepared by our specialists”.
Although Russia suggested that Syrian forces had been responsible for manning their own air defences, Russian advisers have a long history of operating systems in such situations.
10
Peering into a webcam, her face intermittently frozen over an iffy Skype connection in Medellin, Colombia, Lizz Quain was explaining not long ago why she uprooted her 9-year-old twins almost a year and a half ago to travel the world.
Ms. Quain, who is in her 40s, owned a children’s play cafe and preschool near Seattle before she renounced her American middle-class existence in August 2016, fed up with what she described as a stifling, consumerist culture.
Once Donald J. Trump was elected president, she made a common liberal refrain — “If Trump wins, I’m leaving the country” — reality, deciding not to return home with her daughters, Aubrey and Gabriella. After traveling through Asia and Europe, she is now figuring out how to start a business selling products through Amazon to finance the life of an itinerant-by-choice single mother.
“If the G.O.P. gets out of office, if our education system improves, if we get universal health care, I’ll move back to the States because we’ll get tired of traveling,” Ms. Quain said. But until that utopian day arrives, “We’re unplugging from the Matrix.”
The Quains are not the only family that has of late dispensed with the trappings of the American dream (house, school, career) and gone nomad. Hopping from one vacation rental to the next or piling into R.V.s, they have sold or rented out their homes and unloaded most of their possessions, financing their travels with savings or work done remotely.
11
When St. Johns County sheriff’s deputies arrived at the St. Augustine, Florida, home of Jeremy Banks on Sept. 2, 2010, they found his 24-year-old girlfriend Michelle O’Connell lying on the floor with a gunshot wound to the head and dozens of prescription painkillers in her pocket.
“Please get someone to my house!” Banks had told the 911 operator. “Please. Send -- my girlfriend, I think she just shot herself. There’s blood everywhere!”
Deputies found Banks, a fellow St. John County sheriff’s deputy, crouched at the bathroom door, clutching his phone.
The gun was found on O’Connell’s left with the Tac light on the gun switched on. Later, pictures taken at the scene revealed a shot fired into the carpet.
Despite the efforts of the first responders, O’Connell was pronounced dead close to 11:48 p.m. that night.
Outside the home, some deputies and detectives started to conclude that O’Connell’s death was a suicide. Some of them were later interviewed as part of the investigation.
12
A Michigan teenager said he was almost killed Thursday after he knocked on a homeowner’s door asking for directions after he missed the bus.
Brennan Walker, 14, woke up late Thursday morning and missed his bus to Rochester High School. The teen, without a phone after his mother took it away, decided to knock on a person’s door in Rochester Hills for help, FOX 2 Detroit reported.
"I got to the house, and I knocked on the lady's door. Then she started yelling at me and she was like, 'Why are you trying to break into my house?' I was trying to explain to her that I was trying to get directions to Rochester High. And she kept yelling at me. Then the guy came downstairs, and he grabbed the gun, I saw it and started to run. And that's when I heard the gunshot," Walker told FOX 2 Detroit.
Walker said the man missed the shot and then the teen hid and cried. The teen said he is glad he didn’t become a statistic.
"My mom says that black boys get shot because sometimes they don't look their age, and I don't look my age. I'm 14, but I don't look 14. I'm kind of happy that, like, I didn't become a statistic," he said.
Following the incident, Jeffrey Zeigler, 53, the homeowner, was taken into custody and charged with “assault with intent to murder; and felony firearms.” He posted the $50,000 bond and was ordered not to go within 10 miles of Walker which means he cannot return home until the case is over.
Jeffrey Zeigler, 53, was charged with “assault with intent to murder and felony firearms.”  (Oakland County Sheriff's Office)
The media outlet reported Zeigler was arrested in 2004 after shooting at a car in a road rage dispute on a Michigan highway. He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and was sentenced to one year of probation.
