
The former FBI director's tell-all book surprised some West Wing aides with its jabs at Trump's hand size and its talk of the 'pee tape.'
President Donald Trump and his top aides wasted no time in launching pointed attacks on former FBI Director James Comey on Friday over his bombshell tell-all book — and the offensive is only expected to intensify in the coming days.
White House officials were scouring news reports and reaching out to allies who have copies of the book, hoping to home in on passages that they believe undercut Comey’s credibility or make him seem sympathetic to Democrats.
Trump’s allies are trying to avoid a repeat of the fallout from Michael Wolff’s “Fire and Fury,” the hard-edged insider account of life in Trump’s White House that caught many in the West Wing by surprise and dominated headlines for weeks.
But so far, the White House’s strategy was doing little to stop the barrage of news stories about the book.

It will still take more time before the bank can move forward, Wells Fargo CEO Timothy Sloan said in response to an analyst question about whether it can move past the regulatory scrutiny and ongoing problems.
"In terms of declaring victory and walking ahead we're not quite there yet," Mr. Sloan said. He added that the bank continues to examine businesses across the company but one lesson is that "we should have been doing a better job of that and when we were performing quite well in the prior-years and we're not going to make that mistake again."
Sloan said the bank is making progress but there are still "challenges" Wells Fargo is dealing with. 

Rep. Don Beyer (D-Va.) slammed President Trump for attacking former FBI Director James Comey as a “LEAKER & LIAR” Friday, noting that Trump is reportedly about to pardon former George W. Bush administration official I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, who was convicted of lying to investigators.
“You just signed off on a pardon for Scooter Libby, who leaked the covert identity of a CIA officer and was convicted of obstruction of justice and lying to investigators,” Beyer tweeted at Trump.
ABC News first reported Thursday that Trump will pardon Libby, the ex-chief of staff to former Vice President Dick Cheney.
Libby was convicted in 2007 for lying to the FBI and obstructing justice in the investigation over the leaked identity of former CIA agent Valerie Plame.
Multiple people said that Libby had revealed Plame’s identity to them, after he publicly claimed he did not share the information.
CNN anchor Jake Tapper also hit Trump over the attack in a tweet Friday.

President Trump is considering a re-entry into the Trans-Pacific Partnership, according to lawmakers at a White House meeting on trade today. The reversal comes in the wake of Mr. Trump made the United States' exit from the trade pact one of the first items on his to-do list after taking office. 
"The one thing that he did say that I was very impressed with, he has assigned Larry Kudlow and Bob Lighthizer the task to see if we couldn't take another look at TPP and thats certainly would be good news all throughout farm country," said Sen. Pat Roberts, of Kansas, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry following the trade discussions at the White House. 
Roberts said Kudlow and Lighthizer would be working with the Agriculture Committee, calling the move "certainly good news."
Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Nebraska, said in a statement after the meeting, "The best thing the United States can do to push back against Chinese cheating now is to lead the other eleven Pacific nations that believe in free trade and the rule of law."
He added, "It is good news that today the President directed Larry Kudlow and Ambassador Lighthizer to negotiate U.S. entry into TPP."

The North Carolina incest dad, whose Thursday murder spree took the lives of the biological daughter he married and the infant child he fathered with the girl, reportedly explained his possible motive to his own mother in a stunning phone call moments before he turned the gun on himself.
In a 911 call obtained by WNCN in Raleigh, Steven Pladl's mother -- who attended the lakeside "wedding" between her son and his daughter-turned-wife -- said Steven admitted to killing 20-year-old Katie Pladl and the couple's 7-month-old son, Bennett. Pladl's mother had been taking care of the boy since his parents were busted earlier this year for the illegal relationship.
“Oh God, he told me to call the police and I shouldn't go over there,” a caller identified as Steven's mother told the dispatcher.
She added: “He killed his baby and [the baby is] in the house...His wife broke up with him over the phone yesterday...I can't even believe this is happening."
Steven Pladl, 42, was found dead Thursday morning in his vehicle in Dover, N.Y., several miles from the New Milford, Conn., murder scene where Katie and her adoptive father, 56-year-old Anthony Fusco, were discovered. Those two were also found dead in a vehicle that had one of its windows shot out, police said.
The child’s body was found inside Pladl's home, hundreds of miles south in Knightdale, N.C., the same day.

John Chiang, the state treasurer of California, is a Democrat running to succeed Gov. Jerry Brown. California Today is conducting occasional question-and-answer sessions with candidates for office, and today is Mr. Chiang’s day at the plate. The interview, edited and condensed for clarity, was done for our story on the race.
Q. What do you think of how Governor Brown has done?
A. Jerry and I are aligned on making sure our fiscal house is in order. We don’t want to be a poor state. We don’t want to be broke — cutting health care, giving pink slips.
Q. How big a problem is homelessness in this state?
A. There are tens of thousands of homeless Californians. Do we take care of the vulnerable who live in the wealthiest state? To leave people in harm’s way is not acceptable. That is why I have tried to shore up the state’s financial position so we have the resources to take care of California’s homeless. The state has to partner with local governments — which I would hope to do as governor.
Q. What do you see as the biggest problems facing California?
A. Education is my top priority. You can’t have the disparate outcomes that you have. This needs to be a state where every child — regardless of background, heritage — gets access to a world-class education.
Q. Are you worried the state is heading into a recession?
A. People are very concerned about where we are in the economic cycle. They are very concerned about President Trump. If you look at the historical pattern, you know at some point we are going to face a recession.

The Palestinian Authority did not pay the salaries of its employees in Gaza this month, in a move that could threaten an already-faltering unity deal with its Islamist rivals, Hamas.
The failure to pay March's salary round as scheduled on Tuesday prompted anger and suspicion in the economically-stricken Gaza Strip.
That suspicion was fueled by the fact that President Mahmoud Abbas's Western-backed authority did pay the wages of its employees in the West Bank, which it controls.
The authority's finance ministry in Ramallah said the payment delay in Gaza was because of "technical issues".
On Thursday, frustrated workers disrupted work at two banks in Gaza and blocked the entrance to a third, witnesses said. They expressed doubt about the fate of their jobs, amid a long-running power struggle between Abbas and Hamas.
"We hope President Abbas will send our salaries. We have become beggars," said 34-year-old Tamer Ghaben. "We are trying to keep out of jail because we are in debt to stores."
Emad Baker, 46, said he spent most of the time outside his house to avoid being asked for money by his wife and 10 children. "Enough is enough... people are living through a tragedy," said Baker.

The United States must avoid overusing national security review plea and ensure a level playing field and a predictable environment for Chinese enterprises investment in the country, experts said here on Thursday.
"It's not a choice between national security and economic development, we can have both," said Daniel Rosen, a founding partner of the New York-based research consultancy and advisory company Rhodium Group, adding that "is an entirely false notion that we have to make a choice between the two of them."
Chinese direct investment in the United States plummeted from 46.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 to 29.7 billion dollars in 2017, said Rosen at a panel discussion at the Harvard Club in New York City, quoting a report recently released by Rhodium Group.
The decline was partly because that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), a multi-agency panel that reviews foreign purchases of American companies, has broadened its approach to reviewing Chinese investments.
The panel chaired by U.S. Treasury Department vets deals that could give a foreign investor control of a U.S. business for national security risks. It has been increasingly aggressive under the administration of President Donald Trump.
An unprecedented number of Chinese deals were delayed or abandoned last year as parties failed to obtain approval from the CFIUS, according to the Rhodium report.

The girl, just 8 years old, was grazing her family's ponies on a chilly January day in the forests of the Himalayan foothills when she was kidnapped. Her raped and mutilated body was found in the woods a week later.
In 2012, the fatal gang rape of a young woman in the heart of India's capital moved hundreds of thousands of Indians to take to the streets to demand stricter rape laws.
But the gang rape, torture and death of a Muslim girl in Indian-controlled Kashmir has seen far different protests: Thousands of members of a radical Hindu group with links to the ruling party have marched to demand the release of the six men accused in the repeated rape and killing of the girl inside a Hindu temple. Hundreds of Hindu lawyers have protested that the men, two of them police officers, are innocent.
The girl, who was savaged in the attacks, had enormous eyes, a quiet smile and one name: Asifa. The Associated Press doesn't usually identify victims of sexual violence but her name has been widely reported in the Indian media.
There have always been differences between India's Muslim minority and Hindu majority in this constitutionally secular nation of 1.3 billion. Violence has flared sporadically over the decades since India gained freedom from Britain in 1947, sparking bloody religious riots as the subcontinent was partitioned to create largely Hindu India and largely Muslim Pakistan.

In a landmark case, Pakistan’s Supreme Court ruled former Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif will be ineligible to hold office for the rest of his life. The Supreme Court voted unanimously to permanently end the political career of Sharif, as well that of a former colleague, ahead of general elections this year. Sharif served as the nation’s prime minister three times.
The Nawaz Sharif Supreme Court case will set the legal precedent in the future for deposed corrupt leaders. In the past, it was unclear how long they should be barred from office. Now, a lifetime ban for “lying and dishonest” has been set.
Sharif’s supporters are outraged, pointing out that his time as prime minister was marked by closer ties with China, economic growth, and a decrease in poverty. Some claim Sharif was ousted due to his ongoing clash with the military. Sharif had long pushed for a better relationship and closer economic ties with India, an idea adamantly rejected by the military.
The Supreme Court had struggled to determine how long Sharif should be barred from holding political office. Article 62(1)(f) of the constitution establishes that lawmakers can be disqualified from holding political office, but does not indicate for how long.
Article 62, also stipulates that a lawmaker must be “sadiq & ameen,” honest and righteous. Article 62 was originally used in July to push Sharif out of office.
After much debate the Supreme Court unanimously voted to ban Sharif for life from holding office. Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar remarked the harsh Supreme Court verdict was handed down because the Pakistani people deserve “leaders of good character.”

Ohio authorities are investigating how a student was crushed to death in the back of a minivan at a school parking lot despite calling 911 two times with his exact location.
The Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office is launching an investigation into the death of 16-year-old Kyle Plush, whose body was discovered by his father six hours after he called 911 begging for help and giving dispatchers the correct description of the minivan and his location.
According to audio recordings, Plush called 911 at least twice Tuesday afternoon while he was trapped in the 2002 Honda Odyssey minivan outside Seven Hills School. The third-row seat flipped and had him pinned inside.
“I’m going to die here,” the sophomore told the dispatcher during his first 911 call, which was placed shortly after 3 p.m. Tuesday. “I probably don’t have much time left. Tell my mom I love her if I die.”
The dispatcher can be heard asking for his location several times but it was unclear whether Plush heard the operator’s questions, according to police.
Meanwhile, Cincinnati police and a Hamilton County deputy sheriff responded to the area but couldn’t locate Plush. The dispatcher attempted to call Plush’s phone but there was no answer.

A knife-wielding duo ripped off a teenager’s “Make America Great Again” hat and threatened him when he tried to get it back, police say.
Cops claim the 18-year-old man was second away from getting onto the subway at Union Square when one of the men grabbed the teen from behind. The man snatched the MAGA hat off the teen, who quickly retaliated in an attempt to get it back, officials said.
That’s when the second suspect whipped out a knife and pointed it toward the teen before the duo ran off with red hat.
It wasn’t clear whether any words were exchanged between the pair and the victim.
Police released a sketch of one of the suspects (above). Witnesses with tips are urged to call Crime Stoppers.
