
President Trump said in a tweet early Thursday that he had never telegraphed the timing of an attack on Syria, and that such a strike — for which he put Russia and Syria on notice just one day earlier — “could be very soon or not so soon at all!”
France, on Thursday, said that it had proof the Syrian regime had used chemical weapons in a deadly attack near Syria’s capital on Saturday.
Britain’s cabinet is scheduled to meet on Thursday to discuss joining a military operation with the United States, the BBC reported. British submarines were ordered within missile range of Syria, according to The Daily Telegraph.
And Germany announced that it would not be part of any coordinated military action in Syria. German Chancellor Angela Merkel stressed the importance of Western powers sending a clear, united message that using chemical weapons “is unacceptable.”
“Germany will not take part in possible military action — I want to make clear again that there are no decisions,” Ms. Merkel said after meeting with Lars Lokke Rasmussen of Denmark in Berlin.

France's President Emmanuel Macron says he has "proof" that the Syrian government attacked the town of Douma with chemical weapons last weekend.
He said he would decide "in due course" whether to respond with air strikes.
Western states are thought to be preparing for missile strikes in response to the alleged attack.
In Russia, Syria's main military ally, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov urged against "any steps which could lead to an escalation of tensions".
US President Donald Trump, who said on Wednesday that missiles were "coming", has now tweeted that he "never said when".
It "could be very soon or not so soon at all", said the president, who has cancelled a planned trip to stay in the US with his defence secretary, and has been canvassing support for strikes from the leaders of France and the UK.

Eight months before the company that owns the National Enquirer paid $150,000 to a former Playboy Playmate who claimed she’d had an affair with Donald Trump, the tabloid’s parent made a $30,000 payment to a less famous individual: a former doorman at one of the real estate mogul’s New York City buildings.
As it did with the ex-Playmate, the Enquirer signed the ex-doorman to a contract that effectively prevented him from going public with a juicy tale that might hurt Trump’s campaign for president.
The payout to the former Playmate, Karen McDougal, stayed a secret until The Wall Street Journal published a story about it days before Election Day. Since then curiosity about that deal has spawned intense media coverage and, this week, helped prompt the FBI to raid the hotel room and offices of Trump’s personal lawyer, Michael Cohen.
The story of the ex-doorman, Dino Sajudin, hasn’t been told until now.

Secretary of state nominee Mike Pompeo is expected to describe his plans to reinvigorate the department’s diplomatic mission at his confirmation hearing Thursday. But his stance on critical foreign policy issues and closeness to President Trump could draw the most pointed questions.
As the hearing began before the Senate Foreign Relations committee, a protester who shouted “This man is not a diplomat” was led from the room.
Pompeo began by vowing to be a “good platoon leader” to the diplomatic corps at the State Department.
Senators who have recently met with Pompeo said he appears to be preparing for the job and “doing his homework,” as one aide put it — including contacting eight former secretaries of state in advance of his hearing. But many Democrats on the panel said they are concerned he might be missing a critical attribute for the job: a willingness to stand up to Trump when the situation requires it.
“His reputation is not as strong on standing up to the president,” Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.), a senior member of the panel, told reporters Tuesday, comparing Pompeo to his predecessor, Rex Tillerson, who “we know disagreed with the president on several important issues” — and possibly lost his job for it.

With President Trump’s blessing, Republicans are preparing to launch a major counter-offensive against former FBI director James B. Comey, who is set to embark on a book promotion tour that could make explosive claims about Trump’s conduct, CNN is reporting this morning.
Comey’s new book is set to drop next week, and it will likely trigger a huge spin war over its revelations. There will be a powerful temptation for neutral observers to proclaim that both parties are being equivalently inconsistent about Comey. But this is wrong, and caving to this temptation will only help bad-faith actors accomplish their goal of obfuscating the true nature and points of disagreement in this debate, which have important public consequences.
CNN reports that the Republican National Committee’s battle plan includes digital ads and a new website that will brand Comey as “Lyin’ Comey.” One key to this line of attack will be Comey’s handling of the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, about which Republicans will push several claims:
“Comey has a long history of misstatements and misconduct,” including damage caused to the FBI because of “bizarre decisions, contradictory statements and acting against Department of Justice and FBI protocol.”
“Comey isn’t credible — just ask Democrats.” The digital ads will show several Democrats calling for Comey’s resignation after he injected himself into the 2016 presidential race …

Fifteen months after Republicans took full control of Washington, the man long seen as central to the party’s future is abandoning one of the most powerful jobs in the capital, imperiling the G.O.P. grip on the House and signaling that the political convulsions of the Trump era are taking a grave toll on the right months before Election Day.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan’s retirement announcement on Wednesday blindsided many House Republican candidates and their campaign leaders who were counting on him to lead them to victory in the November midterm elections. His decision to leave Congress at 48 sent an undeniably pessimistic message to Republicans: that stable, steady leadership is lacking in their deeply divided party as they head into a campaign season defined by the whims of President Trump.
And for a White House bracing for a potential Democratic impeachment inquiry, the ominous impact of Mr. Ryan’s retirement was unmistakable. He has made it more difficult to stave off Democrats’ taking control of the House, where Republicans currently hold a 23-seat majority.
As many as 50 House Republican seats are at risk in competitive races this year. Private polling indicates that Mr. Trump’s approval rating is well below 40 percent in some of those tossup districts, the sort of low political standing that often dooms candidates of the president’s party.
“This is the nightmare scenario,” said former Representative Thomas M. Davis III, a Virginia Republican. “Everybody figured he’d just hang in there till after the election.”

The international watchdog agency that monitors the use of chemical weapons said Thursday that its independent investigators have confirmed Britain’s assertions that the toxic chemical used to poison former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter was a military-grade nerve agent known as Novichok. 
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) sent a team of investigators to Britain, where they took blood samples from Yulia and Sergei Skripal and Salisbury police officer and first responder Nicholas Bailey. During its stay from March 21 to 23, the OPCW team also took samples of the nerve agent found at the scene.
In a report published Thursday, the OPCW said it confirmed “the findings of the United Kingdom relating to the identity of the toxic chemical that was used in Salisbury and severely injured three people.”
In a separate, classified report, the OPCW investigators described the formula and signature of the nerve agent used in precise detail. They did not include the formula in the public report, in part because they do not want anyone else to try to replicate the agent.

For seven decades, “never forget” has been a rallying cry of the Holocaust remembrance movement.
But a survey released Thursday, on Holocaust Remembrance Day, found that many adults lack basic knowledge of what happened — and this lack of knowledge is more pronounced among millennials, whom the survey defined as people ages 18 to 34.
Thirty-one percent of Americans, and 41 percent of millennials, believe that two million or fewer Jews were killed in the Holocaust; the actual number is around six million. Forty-one percent of Americans, and 66 percent of millennials, cannot say what Auschwitz was. Only 39 percent of Americans know that Hitler was democratically elected.
“As we get farther away from the actual events, 70-plus years now, it becomes less forefront of what people are talking about or thinking about or discussing or learning,” said Matthew Bronfman, a board member of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany, which commissioned the study. “If we wait another generation before you start trying to take remedial action, I think we’re really going to be behind the eight ball.”
Despite the gaps in the respondents’ knowledge, the study found an overwhelming consensus — 93 percent — that all students should learn about the Holocaust at school. And Holocaust denial remains very rare in the United States, with 96 percent of respondents saying they believe the genocide happened.

New Zealand will stop issuing permits for offshore oil and gas exploration as it moves to combat climate change, the government announced Thursday, but it stopped short of halting exploration already underway.
The move provoked bitter responses from the petroleum industry, which said that New Zealand would be forced to rely on more expensive imports.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said the move was part of the country’s efforts to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming.
“When it comes to climate change, our plan is clear,” said Ms. Ardern, a member of the center-left Labor Party. “We are committed to the goal of becoming a net zero emissions economy by 2050.”
Ms. Ardern said she hoped New Zealand’s electricity system would rely completely on renewable energy sources by 2035.

A surrogate mother in China gave birth to a baby boy whose parents died in a 2013 car crash, according to a report.
The biological parents had embryos frozen that they hoped would one day become their children during rounds of in vitro fertilization, the Beijing News reports. After their death, their parents fought a legal battle to use the embryos and hire a surrogate to carry them.
After the four grandparents won the right to the embryos, a woman from Laos became their surrogate and gave birth to a baby boy this past December.
There was no precedent for this kind of case in the country and even after the legalities were settled, the two couples could not move the embryos from their home at the Nanjing hospital without first proving that another would be able to store them. They decided instead to search for a surrogate outside of the country and found the woman from Laos.
She gave birth to Tiantian in China while visiting on a tourist visa, ensuring the boy's citizenship. Both sets of grandparents then had to undergo DNA testing to ensure that the boy was, in fact, their family.

A woman who had an affair with Missouri governor Eric Greitens says he "coerced" her into sex, according to a state committee report.
The bipartisan report, released on Wednesday, details graphic allegations against the governor.
Mr Greitens called the investigation a "political witch hunt" and refused to testify to the committee.
Missouri attorney general Josh Hawley, a fellow Republican, has joined calls for him to resign.
Mr Greitens is separately charged with invasion of privacy and is scheduled to stand trial in May.
The governor allegedly tried to blackmail the woman with nude photos of her to prevent word of the affair spreading. He denies the allegation.

Ryan Lizza, writing for the New Yorker in 2011, inadvertently wrote a description of President Barack Obama’s foreign policy approach that has become part of the former president’s legacy. At the end of a long article about the Arab Spring, Lizza wrote, “One of his advisers described the President’s actions in Libya as ‘leading from behind.’ That’s not a slogan designed for signs at the 2012 Democratic Convention, but it does accurately describe the balance that Obama now seems to be finding.” “Leading from behind” stuck, despite Obama’s efforts to disavow it.
In that case, Obama ended up saddled with a phrase offered by a staffer that a reporter then brought to national attention. With President Trump, something else keeps happening: He’ll take an idea presented to him as a question from a reporter and immediately assume ownership of it.
