
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg opened his comments to Tuesday’s highly anticipated congressional hearing by apologizing for a series of missteps that, he acknowledged, have imperiled the privacy of tens of millions of Americans and helped spread both phony news and Russian disinformation.
“It’s clear now that we didn’t do enough to prevent these tools from being used for harm as well,” Zuckerberg said at the Senate hearing. “And that goes for fake news, foreign interference in elections, and hate speech, as well as developers and data privacy.
Zuckerberg, who has long avoided wading into Washington affairs, took responsibility for the missteps. “We didn’t take a broad enough view of our responsibility, and that was a big mistake. And it was my mistake, and I’m sorry. I started Facebook, I run it, and I’m responsible for what happens here.”
As the Senate hearing commenced, Zuckerberg appeared serious as he faced sharp criticism from lawmakers.
“Mr. Zuckerberg, in many ways you and the company that you’ve created, the story you’ve created, represent the American Dream,” said Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.), chairman of the Commerce Committee, in his opening remarks. “Many are incredibly inspired by what you’ve done. At the same time, you have an obligation, and it’s up to you, to ensure that dream doesn’t become a privacy nightmare for the scores of people who use Facebook.”

Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg opened his comments to Tuesday’s highly anticipated congressional hearing by apologizing for a series of missteps that, he acknowledged, have imperiled the privacy of tens of millions of Americans and helped spread both phony news and Russian disinformation.
“It’s clear now that we didn’t do enough to prevent these tools from being used for harm as well,” Zuckerberg said at the Senate hearing. “And that goes for fake news, foreign interference in elections, and hate speech, as well as developers and data privacy.
Zuckerberg, who has long avoided wading into Washington affairs, took responsibility for the missteps. “We didn’t take a broad enough view of our responsibility, and that was a big mistake. And it was my mistake, and I’m sorry. I started Facebook, I run it, and I’m responsible for what happens here.”
As the Senate hearing commenced, Zuckerberg appeared serious as he faced sharp criticism from lawmakers.
“Mr. Zuckerberg, in many ways you and the company that you’ve created, the story you’ve created, represent the American Dream,” said Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.), chairman of the Commerce Committee, in his opening remarks. “Many are incredibly inspired by what you’ve done. At the same time, you have an obligation, and it’s up to you, to ensure that dream doesn’t become a privacy nightmare for the scores of people who use Facebook.”

Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev says that Russia and the United States are on the verge of a confrontation.
Gorbachev expressed “great concern” on Tuesday over the mounting tensions over Syria and emphasized the need for the U.S. and Russia to prevent incidents between their military forces in the region.
He said he is confident that “no one wants a war,” but added that “such incidents could result in a huge disaster in the current tense environment.”
Gorbachev, speaking to the Interfax news agency, said it’s essential for U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin to meet to defuse tensions.
He added that he is “deeply disappointed with the way current leaders are doing business,” pointing at their “inability to engage in a dialogue and use diplomatic mechanisms.”

A  small airplane crashed Monday night on the TPC Scottsdale Champions Course and police confirmed six people were killed.
Scottsdale police and fire crews responded around 9 p.m. to numerous reports of an aircraft down near Bell Road and 82nd Street, just north of Scottsdale Airport.
Scottsdale police confirmed the aircraft crashed on the Champions golf course.
Video and photographs taken shortly after the crash showed wreckage of a burning aircraft.
The aircraft was a Piper PA24, which crashed onto the golf course and caught fire after takeoff from Scottsdale Airport, FAA spokesman Allen Kenitzer said.
Initial information from the scene indicated five people were on board, he said. Further information on the occupants was unavailable.
Officer Kevin Watts, a Scottsdale police spokesman, said none of the six people on board survived the crash. 
“We do know the flight originated at Scottsdale Airport and it appears it went down shortly after takeoff,’’ Watts said.

White House press secretary Sarah Sanders is fielding questions from reporters Tuesday, after a raid on President Trump's personal lawyer became public knowledge Monday. Mr. Trump gave no definitive answer Monday as to whether he would fire special counsel Robert Mueller in light of the raid, calling the action a "disgrace."
Meanwhile, the president has canceled his first trip to South America to handle the U.S. response to Syria, in light of the recent apparent chemical attack. Mr. Trump has said there is a "big price to pay," but no decision on a price has yet been announced. 
Also on Tuesday, White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert was pushed out, a move that comes at a critical time for the administration. Bossert's exit was prompted largely by the entrance of national security adviser John Bolton, CBS News "Face the Nation" anchor Margaret Brennan reports.

Former Silicon Valley star T.J. Miller was arrested Monday evening, weeks after he allegedly made a fake bomb threat while on a train to New York.
Miller, 36, was arrested and taken into custody at La Guardia Airport in New York for allegedly “intentionally conveying to law enforcement false information about an explosive device on a train traveling to Connecticut,” according to a press release from the United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut obtained by The Hollywood Reporter.
According to an FBI affidavit filed with the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut and obtained by The Blast, the incident occurred March 18.
Miller “called a 911 dispatcher in New Jersey and reported that he was on Amtrak Train #2256 traveling from Washington, DC towards Penn Station in New York City, and that a female passenger ‘has a bomb in her bag,'” the FBI affidavit states.
According to the FBI affidavit, “Miller appears to have been mistaken about the actual train number, insofar as both he and the female passenger in question actually were traveling on Amtrak Train #2258.”

CP Industries just got an expensive lesson in the unintended consequences of protectionism.
Based in McKeesport, Pa., the company makes seamless vessels to store gases at high pressure — steel cylinders of up to six tons that it sells to the likes of the Navy, NASA and T. Boone Pickens’s Clean Energy. It has received the first bill from the 25 percent tariff that President Trump placed on steel from China and a few other countries: $178,703.09 assessed on a steel-pipe shipment scheduled to arrive at the Port of Philadelphia on Thursday.
That’s equivalent to about two weeks’ payroll. Over all, tariffs on steel pipe that the company has ordered from China — some already on its way across the Pacific — will add more than half a million dollars to raw-material costs over six months alone.
“How long can we last?” mused Michael Larsen, the company’s chief executive. “I don’t know. We could go down relatively fast.”
The tariff will add about 10 percent to the cost of CP Industries’ cylinders, which can sell for up to $35,000. And foreign rivals are already swooping in to lure away some of the company’s biggest clients. “We haven’t lost a big one yet, but the discussion over who is going to pay for the tariffs has started,” Mr. Larsen told me.

Chinese President Xi Jinping promised on Tuesday to open the country’s economy further and lower import tariffs on products like cars, in a speech seen as an attempt to defuse an escalating trade dispute with the United States.
While much of his pledges were reiterations of previously announced reforms that foreign businesses say are long overdue, Xi’s comments sent stock markets and the U.S. dollar higher on hopes of a compromise that could avert a trade war.
Xi said China will widen market access for foreign investors, addressing a chief complaint of its trading partners and a point of contention for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration, which has threatened billions of dollars in tariffs on Chinese goods.
Trump struck a conciliatory tone in response to Xi’s speech, saying in a post on Twitter that he was “thankful” for the Chinese leader’s kind words on tariffs and access for U.S. automakers, as well as his “enlightenment” on the issue of intellectual property.
“We will make great progress together!” Trump tweeted.

In the town of Shiogama in Miyagi Prefecture, there’s a residential neighborhood overlooking Matsushima Bay, the epicenter of Japan’s catastrophic March 2011 earthquake and subsequent tsunami. On a quiet street there, chef Hideyuki Irakawa and his wife, Michiko, have been serving samurai food from their restaurant, Chimatsushima, for the past two decades. The smoky, wholesome cuisine has given fighters a nutritional leg up for hundreds of years, but now its varied flavors are tempting a wide array of locals and tourists. The Irakawas have made it relevant for the 21st century by adding touches of artistry that feel distinctive to the Tohoku region; last year, when Miyagi prefecture celebrated its inaugural Michelin Guide, theirs was one of 11 local restaurants to earn an initial star.
Tohoku, which makes up the entire northeast of Honshu, Japan’s main island, is essentially the country’s New England, with colorful foliage in the fall and extremely snowy winters. It’s also where samurai cuisine rose to prominence in the 1600s, during the important Edo period. Back then, Japan’s prized athletes typically ate a simple diet of miso soup and brown rice to carbo-load for battle. Adding textural variety and strong flavors helped encourage them to consume more grain, so kitchens of the era experimented with adding distinctive, salty side dishes: pickled vegetables and plums, seaweed, and natto, a fermented soybean paste.

The spy saga that has gripped much of Britain since March took a positive turn Tuesday as nerve agent victim Yulia Skripal was released from the hospital, more than a month after she was poisoned with a military-grade nerve agent.
Her father Sergei remains hospitalized after the poisoning, which Britain says took place on the orders of the Russian government.
“This is not the end of her treatment but marks a significant milestone,” said Dr. Christine Blanshard, medical director of Salisbury District Hospital.
She said she would not provide details about Yulia Skripal’s condition for reasons of patient privacy. The 33-year-old has been taken to a secure location.
Blanshard said Sergei Skripal, 66, the apparent target of the attack, is recovering more slowly than his daughter but continues to improve.
“Both patients have responded exceptionally well to the treatment we’ve been providing. But, equally, both patients are at different stages in their recovery,” she said.

Before the ink could dry on Florida Governor Rick Scott's signature last month, critics cried foul over the bill he signed into law to spend $400 million boosting security at schools across the state following February's Parkland mass shooting.
School officials, local sheriffs and Democrats opposed different provisions, including one to provide $67 million to arm teachers. Educators, in particular, voiced concerns that the state will strip money from core education funding to pay for the new school resource officers and beefed up buildings.
"We are a very lean state," said Florida state Senator Jose Javier Rodriguez, a Democrat who voted against the bill. "If we're spending money somewhere, we're taking it from somewhere else."
In the wake of the high school shooting in Parkland, Florida that killed 17 people, at least 10 U.S. states have introduced measures to increase funding for hardening of school buildings and campuses, add resource officers and increase mental health services, according to Reuters' tally.
Many of the proposals outlined the need for bulletproof windows, panic buttons and armored shelters to be installed in classrooms. Some legislation called for state police or sheriff's departments to provide officers to patrol public schools.

The 911 calls released Monday of a 2016 double-murder in Washington state reveal the horrifying moment a 7-year-old boy discovered his mother’s body and told a dispatcher: “Somebody killed my mommy.”
Daniel Kenison and Brenda Kolbert were found shot to death in their Spokane Valley home in August 2016, KHQ reported. On Monday, the Spokane County Sheriff’s Office released the 911 calls alerting authorities to the murders.
“Spokane 911,” a dispatcher says at the beginning of the call with 7-year-old Cooper Kolbert.
“Somebody killed my mommy,” Cooper replies. “Please come and call the cops and please come here.”
The dispatcher responds: “I will as soon as you tell me where you are.”
Gilberto Delgado, 44, said to be Brenda Kolbert’s ex-boyfriend, was arrested and charged in the murder of Kenison, the boy's uncle, and Kolbert. Cooper’s father, Lance Kolbert, told KHQ the boy was in his mother’s car in August 2016 when Delgado pulled up to their home and chased her.
