
President Trump admitted Thursday to reimbursing his lawyer for a $130,000 payment made on the eve of the 2016 election to adult film star Stormy Daniels as part of a settlement agreement about an alleged 2006 sexual encounter with Trump.
Trump, however, denied any sexual encounter and claims the payment was in no way connected with the campaign — despite the timing.
That admission directly contradicts what the president told reporters less than a month ago. Trump denied knowledge of the payments, telling reporters on Air Force One, "You'll have to ask Michael Cohen. Michael is my attorney. You'll have to ask Michael."
Asked if he knew where the money came from to pay Daniels (whose given name is Stephanie Clifford), the president said flatly, "No. I don't."
It was unclear when Trump was made aware of the payment or began repaying Cohen, an attorney and business partner of Trump's. Cohen has asserted that Trump had no knowledge of the payment, which was made through a shell corporation.
But the admission could land Trump in potentially varying degrees of legal trouble, from a felony campaign-finance violation to filing a knowingly false financial disclosure, something that carries up to a $50,000 fine and a year in prison or more.
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, one Trump's outside lawyers, contended in television and print interviews Wednesday night and Thursday morning that there were no campaign-finance violations, because this was a personal matter carried out to protect the family — not to influence the campaign.

President Trump’s new attorney Rudy Giuliani said Thursday that Attorney General Jeff Sessions should “close” Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe – a call that comes amid GOP pressure on Capitol Hill to find out whether the investigation has gone beyond its original mandate.
Giuliani, the former New York City mayor, criticized Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in several interviews this week. 
“The basis of the case is dead,” Giuliani said on “Fox & Friends” Thursday, claiming the push to uncover collusion with the Russians has turned up no evidence. “Sessions should step in and close it.”
Such a move would seem unlikely. Sessions recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation due to campaign involvement. Rosenstein stepped in, and appointed Mueller to lead his own probe.
But Giuliani stressed, in a separate interview with Fox News' "Hannity" on Wednesday, that Sessions and Rosenstein should end Mueller’s investigation “in the interest of justice.”
“There’s been too much government misconduct,” Giuliani said on “Hannity.” “The crimes now have all been committed by the government and their agents.”
Giuliani’s comments come amid pressure from Republicans on Capitol Hill urging the Justice Department to release the full “scope memo,” which outlines the original scope of the investigation when Mueller was named. 

A Puerto Rico Air National Guard plane crashed shortly after taking off in Georgia on Wednesday, killing all nine airmen on board.
The plane, a C-130-type cargo plane from Puerto Rico’s 156th Airlift Wing, had been in Savannah for maintenance and took off about 11:30 a.m., bound for Arizona. The Associated Press reported that the decades-old plane was due to be retired in Arizona, though a National Guard spokesman would not confirm that at a news conference Thursday morning.
The plane made it only about a mile from Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport before it nose-dived toward a state highway intersection and exploded into a ball of fire and black smoke, which could be seen across the northern suburbs of the city.
All the victims served in Puerto Rico’s National Guard, officials said. Their names have not yet been released, and the military has only begun to investigate the cause of the crash.
Col. Pete Boone, a spokesman for Georgia’s Air National Guard, denied that the plane was more than 60 years old, as one of his counterparts in Puerto Rico had told reporters.

The Pentagon says the U.S. has issues a formal complaint to China over the use of lasers near the military base in Djibouti (jih-BOO’-tee) that were directed at aircraft and resulted in minor injuries to two American pilots.
Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White says the U.S. is confident that Chinese nationals are responsible for the use of the lasers. She says the incidents represent a serious threat to U.S. airmen. She says the U.S. has asked China to investigate the incidents.
The Pentagon says reports from pilots indicate that on three occasions the lasers were military grade and came from the Chinese base nearby.
The U.S. has notified airmen to exercise caution when flying in that area. The Chinese recently built a base near Camp Lemonnier, the U.S. base in Djibouti.

During the annual National Day of Prayer commemoration at the White House on Thursday, President Trump signed the latest executive order of his presidency, to establish a faith-based office, the White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative. He said it would focus on protecting religious freedom and ensuring that "the faith-based and community organizations that form the bedrock of our society have strong advocates in the White House and throughout the federal government."
"Prayer has always been at the center of the American life. America is a nation of believers, and together we are strengthened by the power of prayer," said Mr. Trump at the Rose Garden ceremony. 
In addition to making recommendations to the administration, the office will also inform the administration of "any failures of the executive branch to comply with religious liberty protections under law."
The initiative will be led by a newly appointed White House adviser to the group and will be supported by various faith leaders from outside the federal government. The order also aims to ensure faith based organizations have "equal access to government funding and equal right to exercise their deeply held beliefs."
"We take this step because we know that in solving the many many problems and our great challenges, faith is more powerful than government and nothing is more powerful than god," said Mr. Trump.

Newly released body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department provides a closer look at the tense moments for police during and following the October 2017 mass shooting in which Stephen Paddock opened fire from his hotel room windows, killing 58 people and injuring hundreds more.
The footage from two officers was released Wednesday in response to a lawsuit brought by multiple news organizations seeking the release of 911 recordings, bodycam footage and documents related to the shooting.
Video released to The Associated Press includes the moments after police entered Paddock's room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino to find the 64-year-old man dead from a self-inflicted gunshot.
"That's our shooter over there," one officer says.
"OK, we got one suspect down ... this is clear," the officer wearing the camera says a few seconds later.
The camera captures a room with semiautomatic rifles strewn about on the floor and on a tub.
Multiple officers walk around inspecting the room.
At another point, they note the system that Paddock used to see when police were approaching his hotel room.
"He has a intricate camera system set up, out to this," the officer wearing the camera says, pointing out the open door to the hallway. "So he knew when officers were coming down the hallway."

A huge dust storm and lightning strikes killed at least 125 people across India which braced Thursday for more wild weather.
Dust clouds plunged swathes of north India into darkness as choking winds of more than 130 kilometres (80 miles) per hour swept across the states of Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Punjab, flattening houses, walls, trees and power pylons.
At least 111 people were killed, many as they slept when walls and roofs came tumbling down on them.
Another 14 people were killed in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh which was hammered by more than 41,000 lightning strikes on Wednesday, disaster officials said.
Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan bore the brunt of the dust storm that was blamed on a collision of two weather fronts with India in the grip of higher temperatures than normal.
Some districts reported 45 minutes of destructive winds followed by fierce lightning storms.
Similar storms kill many people each year in India but this was one of the most severe in recent decades.
Shivam Lohia, who owns a resort hotel in Alwar district of Rajasthan, abandoned his car on the road and ran for his life after it was almost blown away.

Journalists in Myanmar believe their government is failing to defend media freedom despite the transition from harsh military rule to an elected government of Aung San Suu Kyi, according to a survey published to mark World Press Freedom Day on Thursday.
Activist group Free Expression Myanmar and its partner organizations interviewed 200 journalists between January and April, finding almost half believed they had less freedom as journalists than a year earlier.
"Journalists are frustrated by the government's failure to implement its election manifesto commitments to increase media freedom," the group said in a report on its survey.
Asked to rate the government's success on defending media freedom, 79 percent of journalists questioned for the survey answered "low" or "very low".
The government's main spokesman, Zaw Htay, referred Reuters' questions about the survey results to the information ministry.
Reuters contacted three officials at the Ministry of Information, who all declined to comment and referred questions to other officials.

David Goodall, 104, who is believed to be Australia’s oldest scientist, wants to die. But he can’t do it in his own country, where assisted suicide is banned.
So on Wednesday, he took what was expected to be his last flight, bound for Europe, to accomplish his goal — and renewed a debate in Australia about the right to end one’s life and what role the government should play.
Mr. Goodall, who is not terminally ill but says his quality of life has deteriorated so badly that he has no reason to live, left his home in Perth to fly to an assisted-dying agency in Basel, Switzerland, a country where assisted suicide has been allowed for decades.
Though nations like Belgium, Canada, Colombia, Luxembourg and the Netherlands (along with some American states) permit euthanasia or assisted suicide, Switzerland is the only country with centers that offer assisted-suicide services to foreigners if the person assisting acts unselfishly.
When Mr. Goodall, a renowned ecologist, turned 104 in April, he told the Australian broadcaster ABC, “I greatly regret having reached that age.”

A four-year search of the depths of the Indian Ocean has failed to find Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. But the unprecedented sonar hunt for the missing airliner might be close to solving 19th century mysteries - the locations of two sailing ships that vanished with cargos of coal. 
Maritime historians on Thursday published a short list of the possible identities of two shipwrecks found during the initial 710,000-square kilometer (274,000-square mile) three-year search for the Boeing 777 that was lost in 2014 with 238 people aboard.
The wrecks, found in 2015, are 36 kilometers (22 miles) apart and 2,300 kilometers (1,440 miles) southwest of Australia in debris fields scattered with coal more than 3.7 kilometers (2.3 miles) below the ocean's surface.
The searchers had a closer look with underwater drones that took photographs of both sites and retrieved a coal sample from one. Analysis showed the coal was probably from Britain, a Western Australian Museum report said.
The museum's examination of the images of the scattered remnants of a wooden ship discovered on May 19, 2015, found it was possibly the brig W. Gordon or the barque Magdala, according to incomplete records of ships lost in that period.

A set of charred remains were found on the Connecticut property where a building exploded Wednesday night as officers attempted to negotiate with a man who'd been holding his wife hostage.
Nine officers were also taken to Yale New Haven Hospital with minor injuries including cuts, abrasions and bruises after the blast. They'd been trying to coax the suspect out of his home in North Haven, Conn., during an hours-long standoff when a barn on the property exploded around 8:30 p.m. and sparked a massive fire.
Authorities believe only one person was inside the structure at the time of the explosion but decline to identify the body found Thursday morning until an autopsy was completed.
A fire blazes behind a house after a barn exploded during a hostage standoff in North Haven, Conn., on Wednesday night.
Police responded to reports of a "very, very serious domestic" dispute around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday after a woman reported she'd been held hostage by her husband for several days. They spent hours trying to negotiate with the suspect, who barricaded himself inside the home, First Selectman Michael Freda said.
A SWAT team arrived at the scene, and several officers were searching the area around the barn when the explosion went off, according to Freda.
Police continued urging the suspect to exit the house after the blast, as a series of smaller explosions followed.

The Kenilworth school superintendent charged Monday with defecating in public was caught in the act at the Holmdel High School football field and track after surveillance was set up due to human feces being found "on a daily basis," police said.
Thomas Tramaglini, 42, lives about 3 miles from Holmdel High School in neighboring Aberdeen. He was running at the track on the athletic fields at 5:50 a.m. before he was arrested.
Track coaches and staff at Holmdel High School told the district's resource officer that they found human feces on or near the football field and track daily, Holmdel police said in a statement Thursday. 
School employees began monitoring the area and on Monday police arrested Tramaglini at 5:50 a.m., according to Sgt. Theodore Sigismondi.
Tramaglini is also charged with lewdness and littering. He is due in municipal court in Holmdel at 8:15 a.m. Monday to answer the charges. 
Tramaglini has taken a paid leave of absence from his $147,504 a year job in Kenilworth. Leave can only be unpaid if a person is indicted or faces tenure charged, the district said, citing state law. 
