
President Donald Trump hasn’t decided whether to extend relief for allied nations from U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, creating uncertainty in global metals markets with temporary exemptions set to expire in less than 24 hours.
“The president has not made any decision yet,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told Fox Business Network in an interview that aired Monday, when asked about extending exemptions to trading partners.
“We’ve been having lots of discussions internally, we’ve been having lots of discussions with our counterparts,” he said, adding: “We’re addressing these issues real time.”
Mnuchin’s comments were similar to those of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who said late Saturday that the White House will announce its decision on tariffs right before the May 1 deadline.
Trump last month imposed 25 percent tariffs on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum. But he gave temporary reprieves to Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Mexico and South Korea, and directed U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to handle negotiations with countries seeking exemptions.
So far, South Korea is the only nation to be spared from the duties, though nations including France and Germany have been pushing for the EU to be excluded.

After the annual mutual congratulation session known as the White House Correspondents' Dinner concluded Saturday, NBC News White House reporter Kelly O'Donnell distanced herself from the program. O'Donnell thought Daily Show comedienne Michelle Wolf had been too rough on Trump press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
"The spirit of the event had always been jokes that singe but don't burn," O'Donnell wrote.
Like your reporting, you mean?
The White House Correspondents' dinner has always been a bad aristocratic joke, the punch line obvious to everyone but the participants. "Make a joke – but not a real one" has been its unofficial motto since forever.
That is exactly what was said, for instance, in 1996, when shock jock Don Imus made his infamous appearance. Somehow reporters were surprised when Imus said the same things in front of Bill and Hillary Clinton he'd been saying on the radio for years, making jokes about Whitewater and Bill's womanizing rep, among other things. The DC press was horrified.
"Now none of us can go on [Imus's] show again," complained Cokie Roberts.
"We wanted some discomfort, but not that much," said ABC's Jackie Judd, one of that event's organizers, perfectly predicting future sentiments about Wolf.

A group of immigrants from Central America, whose caravan north drew the ire of President Trump and became a flash point in the roiling debate over illegal immigration, converged at the California border Sunday to request asylum in a scene marked by emotion and theater.
As the boisterous gathering at the border fence in Playas de Tijuana grew to hundreds, some waved Honduran flags, called out chants and waved bouquets of yellow flowers. Younger migrants climbed to the top of tall gates dividing the U.S. and Mexico, fist-pumping to crowds gathered on the American side. Others quietly clutched infants, wondering about their future.
The spectacle at the border, captured by multiple news outlets, was sure to further fan the ire of Trump, who has frequently cited the caravan as a justification for tough measures against illegal immigration.
"Are you watching that mess that's going on right now with the caravan coming up?" he told a crowd at a rally in Michigan Saturday. "We have the worst laws anywhere in the world, we don't have borders."
By foot, bus and train, the caravan migrants have been journeying through Mexico since leaving the southern border city of Tapachula on March 25 with the goal of reaching the Tijuana-San Diego border. Most are from Honduras and tell of gang violence and extortion back home.

Enthusiasm for the Democratic Party is waning among millennials as its candidates head into the crucial midterm congressional elections, according to the Reuters/Ipsos national opinion poll.
The online survey of more than 16,000 registered voters ages 18 to 34 shows their support for Democrats over Republicans for Congress slipped by about 9 percentage points over the past two years, to 46 percent overall. And they increasingly say the Republican Party is a better steward of the economy.
Although nearly two of three young voters polled said they do not like Republican President Donald Trump, their distaste for him does not necessarily extend to all Republicans or translate directly into votes for Democratic congressional candidates.
That presents a potential problem for Democrats who have come to count on millennials as a core constituency - and will need all the loyalty they can get to achieve a net gain of 23 seats to capture control of the U.S. House of Representatives in November.
Young voters represent an opportunity and a risk for both parties, said Donald Green, a political science professor at Columbia University in New York City.
“They’re not as wedded to one party,” Green said. “They’re easier to convince than, say, your 50- or 60-year-olds who don’t really change their minds very often.”

A coordinated double suicide bombing by the Islamic State group hit central Kabul on Monday morning, killing at least 25 people, including nine Afghan journalists, officials said.
An AFP photographer, a cameraman for the local Tolo TV station and several reporters for the Afghan branch of Radio Free Europe were among the fatalities, police said.
At least 45 people were wounded in the twin attacks, according to Kabul police spokesman, Hashmat Stanekzai, who also said four policemen were among those killed.
The attack was the latest in a relentless string of deadly large-scale bombings and assaults that have struck Kabul and elsewhere in Afghanistan so far this year. And even as the Afghan capital reeled from Monday's assault, a suicide car bombing a few hours later in the southern province of Kandahar killed 11 children, a police spokesman said. Eight Romanian NATO soldiers were wounded in that bombing.

Missile strikes in Syria hit military bases used by Iran and its proxy militias, causing a blast large enough to shake the ground like a minor earthquake and killing at least 16 people, a conflict monitoring group and one of Iran’s regional allies said on Monday.
The Syrian state news media confirmed the strikes, near the central city of Hama and near the northern city of Aleppo late Sunday, but did not provide a death toll. An official for the regional alliance that includes Iran, Syria and the militant group Hezbollah said that most of the dead were Iranians.
There was no claim of responsibility for the strikes, but suspicion immediately fell on Israel, which has accused Iran of using the cover of Syria’s war to build a military infrastructure there to confront Israel and has vowed to prevent it from developing. Most recently, Russia and Syria blamed Israel for the April 6 strikes on a Syrian military base that killed seven Iranians, including an officer in the country’s drone program.
If the death toll from Sunday’s strikes is as high as reported and ultimately attributed to Israel, it would be a significant escalation in the shadow war between Israel and Iran that has left many people in the region on edge, wondering whether Iran and its allies will retaliate and fearing that such a move could ignite a regional war.
Iran’s semiofficial news agency ISNA initially said that 18 of 40 people killed in the attacks were Iranian, but the report was later taken down and Iranian officials denied that any of their people had been killed.

With less than a year to go before Britain exits the European Union — a decision voters made in part to stem immigration — the government is confronting a scandal over its treatment of migrants, both legal and illegal. 
Opposition lawmakers on Monday stepped up pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May to answer for her role in an official policy to create, in her words, a “hostile environment” for illegal immigrants — a policy that also ensnared a generation of legal arrivals from the Caribbean who were welcomed to Britain to help it rebuild after World War II.
Late Sunday, Amber Rudd resigned from her post as Britain’s Home Secretary following accusations that she lied to Parliament last week about deportation targets for illegal immigrants.
Rudd first told Parliament there were no national quotas, then amended her remarks and said maybe there were some. Finally, the Guardian produced a private letter Rudd sent to May outlining her commitment to increase deportations by 10 percent, which included numbers and targets.
In her resignation letter, Rudd acknowledged that she had “inadvertently misled” lawmakers and had “become aware of information provided to my office which makes mention of targets. I should have been aware of this, and I take full responsibility that I was not.”
On Monday, her replacement was named: Sajid Javid, a successful investor, experienced government minister and the first ethnic minority to hold the position of Home Secretary. 

U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday suggested his planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un take place at the Peace House on the border between North and South Korea, as preparations for the summit advance.
U.S. President Donald Trump arrives to speak at a Make America Great Again Rally in Washington, Michigan April 28, 2018. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
“Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North & South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!” Trump said on Twitter.
Trump is expected to meet with Kim in weeks, and said in an interview on Thursday that he was considering five locations for his summit with the North Korean leader, although he has said multiple times that the talks may not happen.
The Peace House is in the heavily fortified Demilitarized Zone, or DMZ, on the border between the two countries. It is the same site as the one that hosted Kim’s historic meeting last week with the South Korean president.
The choices of a venue for the Trump summit also include neutral third countries like Singapore, but U.S. officials have been skeptical that Kim would be willing to travel far.

Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman reportedly has a message for Palestinian leadership: “agree to come to the negotiations table or shut up and stop complaining.”
The blunt comment from the next-in-line to the Saudi throne, made during a meeting with Jewish organizations in New York in March, comes as the Trump administration works to broker a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians.
"In the last several decades the Palestinian leadership has missed one opportunity after the other and rejected all the peace proposals it was given,” the crown prince said, according to a Channel 10 News report citing Israeli and American sources briefed about the meeting. “It is about time the Palestinians take the proposals and agree to come to the negotiations table or shut up and stop complaining."
Bin Salman’s criticism of Palestinian leadership was corroborated by an Israeli foreign ministry cable sent by one of their diplomats in New York. “People literally fell off their chairs” after the crown prince made the reported remarks, a source told Channel 10 News.
Bin Salman was also quoted as saying the Palestinian issue is not at the top of the Saudi government’s list of concerns, and the Gulf state “has much more urgent and important issues to deal with,” such as Iran’s growing influence in the region. He added, however, much work still needs to be done on the peace process in order for Saudi Arabia to normalize relations with Israel, according to Channel 10 News.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will make a televised announcement on Monday evening (1700 GMT) in what his office said would be a “significant development” regarding the 2015 nuclear agreement between global powers and Iran.
No more details were given of the announcement, which will be made from Israel’s military headquarters in Tel Aviv, according to a brief statement from Netanyahu’s office.
“Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will make a statement on a significant development regarding the nuclear agreement with Iran,” the statement said.
Prior to the announcement Netanyahu had convened his security cabinet for a surprise meeting and then canceled a speech in parliament.
Israeli news commentators speculated that Netanyahu planned to make public intelligence on supposed Iranian non-compliance in the nuclear deal, rather than announcing any imminent military action.
“The public can relax. The prime minister is not going to declare war,” said one senior official inNetanyahu’s coalition, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Netanyahu spoke by phone with U.S. President Donald Trump over the weekend about Iran, according to the White House.

President Trump is expected to speak at the National Rifle Association’s annual meeting in Dallas on Friday, a White House official confirmed, marking a return to a group that was one of Trump’s earliest and most ardent supporters.
This will be the fourth year in a row that Trump has addressed the NRA. Last year, he became the first sitting president to do so.
But this year’s appearance will be the first since Trump told lawmakers not to fear the NRA in the wake of the massacre at a high school in Parkland, Fla., on Feb. 14 and floated some responses that the organization opposes, including raising the legal age to buy certain firearms to 21.
Vice President Pence is scheduled to speak Friday at the convention. Trump’s expected appearance was first reported by CNN.
The NRA played a powerful role in Trump’s 2016 election, providing critical support in battle­ground states. It spent more on behalf of Trump than did any outside group, and began its advertising and other efforts earlier than in any other presidential cycle.

Dr. Ronny Jackson, who recently withdrew his nomination for the secretary of Veterans Affairs amid swirling allegations against him, will not return to his role as President Donald Trump's personal doctor, a White House source confirmed to ABC News on Sunday.
Jackson, a Navy rear admiral, will rejoin the White House as a member of its medical unit staff, but the president’s current physician, former Navy officer Sean Conley, who took over the role in anticipation of Jackson's confirmation process, will remain as Trump's doctor, a White House source confirmed.
Politico was first to report the news.
White House officials Monday publicly reinforced that Jackson remains on the job as part of the medical unit, disputing any suggestion that he was out. Officials did concede, however, that he would no longer hold the title as physician to the president.
“Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson is currently on active duty, assigned to the White House as Deputy Assistant to the President. Despite published reports, there are no personnel announcements at this time," Raj Shah, White House principal deputy press secretary, said in a statement.
Jackson was Trump's first pick to take over the top position in Veterans Affairs following the firing of David Shulkin after an internal investigation alleged he had misused taxpayer dollars.
