
President Trump lashed out Tuesday at the publication of questions that special counsel Robert S. Mueller III was said to be interested in asking him as part of the Russia probe and possible attempts to obstruct the inquiry.
In a morning tweet, Trump said it was “disgraceful” that the 49 questions were provided to the New York Times, which published them Monday night.
“So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were ‘leaked’ to the media,” he wrote on Twitter.
It appears that the leak did not come from Mueller’s office. The Times reported that the questions were relayed to Trump’s attorneys as part of negotiations over the terms of a potential interview with the president. The list was then provided to the Times by a person outside Trump’s legal team, the paper said.
In his tweet, Trump also falsely asserts that there are no questions about “Collusion.”
While the questions published by the Times are wide-ranging — and include more related to possible obstruction of justice — the list includes 13 related to possible cooperation between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Among those is a query about Trump’s knowledge of any outreach by his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort to Russia “about potential assistance to the campaign.” A court filing this month revealed that Mueller had sought authorization to expand his probe into allegations that Manafort “committed a crime or crimes by colluding with Russian government officials.”

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s dramatic presentation on Iran’s defunct nuclear program — with his claim that tens of thousands of files prove there was an effort to build and test weapons — didn't contain any big surprises for the U.S. intelligence community, two U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News.
The information unveiled by Netanyahu with great fanfare on Monday has largely been known to American intelligence agencies for years, the officials said, confirming the assessment of Washington lawmakers and private experts.
Other U.S. intelligence officials added that nothing in the documents, which Netanyhu said were smuggled out of Tehran, has changed the American intelligence judgment that Iran is living up to its agreement not to restart a nuclear weapons program, as American intelligence officials told senators Feb. 13.
Then-CIA Director Mike Pompeo reconfirmed that assessment when asked about it during his confirmation hearing on April 12. "With the information I've been provided, I've seen no evidence that they are not in compliance today," he told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Outside experts were dismissive of Netanyahu's presentation.
"There is literally nothing new here," said Jeffrey Lewis, an arms control expert who favors the Obama-era nuclear deal with Iran from which President Trump is contemplating an American exit.

Facebook's annual developer conference, F8, is underway.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg has already dropped a bunch of bombshells, introducing a new Facebook dating app, and vowing to "keep building," even as the company is under fire for its handling of user privacy.
David Marcus is wearing his customary lighthning bolt T-shirt as he sings the gospel of Facebook's other big messaging product, Messenger.
There's a flurry of new features coming to WhatsApp. Group video chats. Third-party sticker apps. And, most importantly for Facebook's bottom line, new tools for big businesses to access the platform and handle large numbers of messages. But overall it's a largely subdued recap, which makes sense — the American audience is far less familiar with WhatsApp than the rest of the world.

Albert ‘Kell’ Kelly, a top aide to Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, resigned Tuesday amid scrutiny of his financial dealings with Pruitt that also drew attention to his lifetime ban from banking.
After spending most of his career as a banker in Oklahoma, Kelly joined Pruitt at EPA a year ago to revitalize the agency’s cleanup of toxic sites. Around the same time, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation fined him $125,000 for “entering into an agreement pertaining to a loan” without FDIC approval. Soon after he was banned from banking altogether.
Kelly gave no reason for his departure and did not immediately respond to a text message seeking comment.
Two individuals briefed on the decision, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss a personnel matter, said Kelly was tired of coming under criticism for the FDIC ban and didn’t need the job. One noted that Pruitt did not come out in strong defense of Kelly during his testimony before the House Energy and Commerce environment subcommittee last week.
Pruitt praised Kelly in a statement Tuesday, saying that he has made a “tremendous impact” on the agency’s Superfund program, which aims to clean up hundreds of the nation’s most toxic sites. Kelly helmed a task force that issued recommendations to streamline and speed up those efforts, and he has been instrumental in helping make progress at Superfund sites around the country that had previously languished for years, Pruitt said.

The three men crossed the U.S. southern border into Texas with a black duffel bag, on an apparent mission to deliver their lucrative product to the United States.
But they caught wind of border agents nearby, readying to intercept them near Brownsville, officials said.
It led to a calculation: Now what? And what to do with the unconscious tiger cub weighing down the duffel bag?
The men retreated back into Mexico, and the 3- or 4-month-old male cub became an unexpected ward of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
“NOT an average day in the field,” Irma Chapa, a spokeswoman for the Rio Grande Valley sector of CBP, said in a tweet Monday.
Chapa said the tiger cub is “expected to make a full recovery,” and CBS affiliate KHOU reported that the cub was taken to Brownsville’s Gladys Porter Zoo. Luckily for the tiger, the zoo specializes in handling endangered species.
The zoo did not immediately return a request for comment. CBP and zoo officials did not identify the species of the tiger cub.
The cub was an apparent node in the billion-dollar trade of animal smuggling, and it is in unfortunate recent company: A tiger cub bought by an American teenager was intercepted at a checkpoint in California last summer.

When Hillary Clinton lost her 2016 bid for the presidency, she retired from politics. 
In Ohio, it's as if she never left.
More than 5,000 TV commercials this year have mentioned Clinton, all in the state's nasty GOP primary for governor. Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor and Attorney General Mike DeWine are each trying to claim real-Republican status, using Clinton to cast doubt on their opponent's conservative credentials. 
As a U.S. senator, "D.C. DeWine voted with Hillary Clinton 962 times" in six years, says one TV commercial from Taylor's campaign. The Senate roll-call voice then reads out "Aye" for both Clinton and DeWine on immigration, spending and gun control bills. 
GOP ads around the country echo the Taylor campaign's use of Clinton. That's desperate, Democrats say: Republicans are pointing to a defeated presidential candidate to avoid talking about their party's short list of accomplishments since they took control of Washington.
In a GOP primary, though, it's actually a smart strategy, said Jennifer Duffy, who analyzes governor and Senate races for the nonpartisan Cook Political Report.
"The end goal is to taint somebody as not conservative enough, and there are limited ways to do that," she said. "If you tie them to an unpopular Democrat, that helps really hammer home that message."

Thousands of people across the globe took to the streets Tuesday to champion the rights of workers and put a spotlight on labor issues. 
May Day — also known as International Workers' Day — is both a seasonal celebration of spring marked by parades and bright colors and a day to honor workers, often marked by protests and rallies.
The earliest May Day celebrations were celebrated as a pagan holiday in Roman times but through the years became a popular secular celebration.
The day took on new meaning on May 1, 1886, when more than 300,000 people in 13,000 businesses across the U.S. walked off their jobs with Chicago as the epicenter of the strikes. A fight for eight-hour workdays and unions put the focus on the labor movement that has continued to this day.
Last year's marches in the U.S. took place across the country, from Washington to Portland to Chicago. Hundreds of thousands targeted President  Trump's policies, fighting for immigrants' rights, raising awareness for the LGBTQ community and bringing attention to police misconduct.
This year is no different. Marches in global city centers were taking place over issues such as low wages, job discrimination and unemployment.

American allies did not bother to conceal their annoyance Tuesday with the Trump administration’s last-minute decision to delay punitive aluminum and steel tariffs by a month, in their view leaving a sword of Damocles hanging over the global economy.
In Europe, the reprieve was seen not as an act of conciliation or generosity but instead as another 30 days of precarious limbo that will disrupt supply networks and undermine what has been an unusually strong period of growth. The region has pushed for a permanent exemption to the American trade penalties, and threatened retaliation otherwise.
European leaders, normally circumspect, are openly irritated that President Trump’s protectionist assault is aimed at them despite decades of military alliance and shared values. They find it absurd that Mr. Trump is risking a trade war with Europe, the United States’ biggest trading partner, rather than joining forces to rein in Chinese trade practices they both oppose. And the European Union’s cautious, often ponderous approach to policymaking is clashing directly with Mr. Trump’s unpredictability and aggressiveness.
“The U.S. decision prolongs market uncertainty, which is already affecting business decisions,” the European Commission, the European Union’s executive arm, said in a statement on Tuesday.

American allies did not bother to conceal their annoyance Tuesday with the Trump administration’s last-minute decision to delay punitive aluminum and steel tariffs by a month, in their view leaving a sword of Damocles hanging over the global economy.
In Europe, the reprieve was seen not as an act of conciliation or generosity but instead as another 30 days of precarious limbo that will disrupt supply networks and undermine what has been an unusually strong period of growth. The region has pushed for a permanent exemption to the American trade penalties, and threatened retaliation otherwise.
European leaders, normally circumspect, are openly irritated that President Trump’s protectionist assault is aimed at them despite decades of military alliance and shared values. They find it absurd that Mr. Trump is risking a trade war with Europe, the United States’ biggest trading partner, rather than joining forces to rein in Chinese trade practices they both oppose. And the European Union’s cautious, often ponderous approach to policymaking is clashing directly with Mr. Trump’s unpredictability and aggressiveness.
“The U.S. decision prolongs market uncertainty, which is already affecting business decisions,” the European Commission, the European Union’s executive arm, said in a statement on Tuesday.

No sooner had U.S. President Donald Trump hinted that, yes indeed, he’d like to meet North Korea’s Kim Jong Un in the same truce village of Panmunjom where Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in hobknobbed on Friday than Moon’s people responded with barely concealed ecstasy.
“Wouldn’t Panmunjom be the most symbolic place?” was the rhetorical question of a top South Korean official after Trump had called Moon and Moon in turn had gotten word from Pyongyang—maybe from Kim himself—that Panmunjom would be just fine.
It would indeed be “quite meaningful,” the official told Korean reporters, “to establish a new milestone for peace” where the Korean War armistice was signed nearly 65 years ago. Well, maybe. But back in 1953 South Korea’s fiercely nationalistic president, Syngman Rhee, had boycotted the negotiations, which he said would sanctify the division of the Korean peninsula. He left the document for American, Chinese and North Korean generals to sign.
Quite aside from that historical detail, there were other issues that the Americans believed had to be sorted first. For one thing, what about that battalion of Korean and American troops at the DMZ under the command of a U.S. army lieutenant colonel?
The Americans were totally out of sight during Kim’s day-long foray across the line, but they’re normally standing guard with their Korean mates along the North-South line, staring at the North Koreans. Wouldn’t Trump love to have them around while he was there—and what would Kim think of that?

Keziah Daum is not apologizing for wearing what she calls a "beautiful" Chinese cheongsam dress to her high school prom, despite receiving backlash from thousands of people online, some of whom called her a "closet racist" and accused her of cultural appropriation.
Daum, 18, posted an album of four prom pictures on Twitter on April 22 with the simple caption, "PROM." One of the photos in the album includes Daum crouching down in the traditional Chinese dress, posing with a group of her friends with their hands folded together — a gesture many deemed inappropriate.
It didn't take long for the Internet to respond. As of Monday evening, Daum's post has been retweeted nearly 4,400 times and now she's fielding hundreds of angry comments.
"What's the theme of your life? Ignorant?" one user asked.
"This isn’t ok. I wouldn’t wear traditional Korean, Japanese or any other traditional dress and I’m Asian. I wouldn’t wear traditional Irish or Swedish or Greek dress either. There’s a lot of history behind these clothes. Sad," another added.
"Oh god! The pose is just the cherry on top of this casually racist post. It's not just a dress, it's something that means something historically and traditionally to the Chinese," another added.
Another simply called her a "closet racist."
But the teenager, who reportedly attends Woods Cross High School in Utah, defended her decision to wear the red-orange embroidered gown. And said she would wear it again to show her "respect" for the Chinese culture.

Facebook has struggled for years to figure out what is and isn’t hate speech on its platform. On Tuesday, a “bug ” revealed that Facebook might be thinking about crowdsourcing the question.
At the bottom of each post on my News Feed on Tuesday morning was the same question: “Does this post contain hate speech?” It appeared on everything from news articles to personal updates to this picture of my cat:
The question appeared — and disappeared — Tuesday morning as Facebook users began commenting with amusement and alarm at the variety of posts that Facebook wanted to know about.
Here are a few from my colleagues:
“This was an internal test we were working on to understand different types of speech, including speech we thought would not be hate,” Facebook said in a statement Tuesday. “A bug caused it to launch publicly. It’s been disabled.”
As for why Facebook might be testing a feature like this, a little bit of context is needed.
Last week, Facebook released the guidelines it uses internally to enforce its rules on the platform. That’s important, in part, because Facebook has long struggled to moderate content consistently or account for the context of a post.
