
Sainsbury’s and Walmart’s Asda are in talks to create Britain’s biggest supermarket group, a combination which would surpass Tesco’s grocery market share and be worth up to 15 billion pounds ($20.7 billion).
Sainsbury’s confirmed on Saturday that it and Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, were in advanced discussions regarding a combination of the Sainsbury’s and Asda businesses, the UK’s No. 2 and 3 UK grocers. It said they will make a further announcement at 0600 GMT on Monday.
Britain’s big grocers, including No. 4 player Morrisons, have been losing share to German discounters Aldi and Lidl and must also deal with growing demand for internet grocery shopping and the march of Amazon.
Sainsbury’s gave no details of the deal’s structure but a source with knowledge of the situation told Reuters the holding company of the combined group would retain the Sainsbury’s name. Sainsbury’s Chief Executive Mike Coupe, who used to work for Asda, would lead it, the source said.
The source described the planned deal — which would consolidate a brutally competitive UK food market while helping Walmart address its underperforming UK arm through greater buying power — as a “merger”.
Three sources with knowledge of the situation said Walmart would take a minority stake in the combined business. Two said Walmart would be the biggest shareholder, with a stake of around 40 percent.

While hundreds of journalists, lobbyists and White House staffers attend the White House Correspondents Dinner in Washington, D.C., Saturday night, Mr. Trump will be in another Washington -- Washington, Michigan, holding a campaign-style rally.
Like last year, the president is skipping D.C.'s biggest annual event for the media, which he often disparages, to spend it with his supporters instead. Saturday's rally is scheduled to kick off at 7 p.m., the same time the White House Correspondents Dinner begins.
"Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight," Mr. Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on TV."
7:40 p.m.: Mr. Trump talked about his pending summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and said it could take place in 3 to 4 weeks. "Strength will keep us out of nuclear war," he said Saturday. "I'm not gonna be a John Kerry who makes a horrible Iran deal."
Mr. Trump also slammed news coverage of the meeting questioning his role in setting up the summit with Kim.
"What do you think President Trump had to do with it?" Mr. Trump said. "I'll tell you what. How about everything."

After 65 years in a technical state of war that has periodically descended into real conflict, Koreans on both sides of the divide woke up Saturday to a mind-boggling prospect: Could they finally, finally, be on the brink of a cold peace?
Newspapers in South Korea and — astoundingly — in North Korea were plastered with photos of the South’s Moon Jae-in and the North’s Kim Jong Un meeting on the tense border that cleaves this peninsula in two.
“No war on Korean Peninsula, complete denuclearization, formal end to Korean War this year,” the Seoul Shinmun blared Saturday morning, summarizing the key points of the declaration that Moon and Kim signed after their historic meeting Friday.
In Pyongyang, the Rodong Sinmun, the mouthpiece of the ruling Workers’ Party and a paper not known for being fast with breaking news, devoted four pages to the summit, complete with full-color photos.
“Historic summit opens new history of national reconciliation, peace and prosperity,” the paper declared. 
The North’s Korean Central Television brought out its most authoritative anchor, Ri Chun Hee, to read the news of the agreement, complete with a half-hour of footage from the summit. She even uttered the words “complete denuclearization.”

Authorities in Maine say they have arrested a man accused of killing a police officer before stealing his cruiser and robbing a convenience store earlier this week.
John D. Williams was arrested Saturday after a days-long manhunt that involved 200 law enforcement officers from local, state and federal agencies. Photos taken by local media showed the heavily tattooed, scrawny 29-year-old, shirtless, barefoot and wrapped from the waist down with what appears to be a yellow tarp as he was being led by detectives.
“MANHUNT IS OVER. PUBLIC IS SAFE,” Maine State Police tweeted Saturday afternoon.
Maine State Police said Williams shot and killed Cpl. Eugene Cole of the Somerset County Sheriff’s Office sometime after 1 a.m. Wednesday in the small town of Norridgewock. Williams then drove away in Cole’s marked cruiser and was later seen on surveillance camera walking inside a convenience store.
Cole’s cruiser was found abandoned a few hours later.
The sheriff’s office said Cole was a 13-year veteran of the agency.
“It is a very sad day, and it is with an extremely heavy heart to report the death of Corporal Eugene Cole … This was a senseless act against a committed public servant,” the sheriff’s office posted on Facebook Thursday.

There could be a Sunday showdown at the Mexican border. Hundreds of Central American migrants are planning to cross the border seeking asylum.
The caravan of buses arrived in Tijuana with Central American migrants, weary after a month of travel. Maria Martinez is seeking asylum in the U.S. after she says gangs of outlaws in El Salvador tried to force her son to join them.
"They threw us on the floor, kicked our faces and said they would kill us," Martinez said. "That's what motivated me to leave my country."
Amid the migrants' pleas for help, President Trump tweeted this week that he had "instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large caravans of people into our country."
But it may not be that easy. The U.S. is bound by international law to hear out asylum claims. 
"I think most Americans don't understand that you can detain, but you can't deport them," said Texas Congressman Michael McCaul during a Thursday hearing with Homeland Security Secretary Kristjen Nielsen. "If they cross in to U.S., what will you be able to do?"
"Participating in a caravan doesn't give you any additional legal rights," Nielsen said. "If you file a false asylum claim, you will be referred to prosecution."

Remove the technical complexities from the equation, and MSNBC host Joy Reid's claim that homophobic posts on her blog were the result of a hacking requires one simple leap of faith.
Reid's claim rests on the idea that a hacker was tampering with her blog not years after the fact, but contemporaneously -- sometimes within days or even hours of the events that were the subject of the posts -- and that she never noticed.
Reid finds herself in hot water now over homophobic posts to her blog more than a decade ago. It is not the first time such posts have caused controversy. Last year, others were brought to light by an anonymous Twitter user; she acknowledged she had written them, and apologized.
But in the background, Reid employed a cybersecurity consultant and a lawyer to make a case that her blog had been hacked. Then, after the same anonymous Twitter user brought new posts to light last week, she made the hacking claim public, and on her behalf MSNBC sent reporters a statement from one of the cybersecurity consultants as well as two letters that her lawyer sent last year in which he discussed the alleged hacking. The lawyer has since said that the FBI is also investigating.
Parts of the case made thus far by Reid, her lawyer and one of the cybersecurity consultants she hired -- that someone obtained her password for the blog and then made changes to it -- are plausible from a technological perspective.

To hear President Trump tell it, his approach to North Korea and Iran, marked by unpredictability and opposition to the diplomacy and compromise of his predecessors, will end the nuclear programs of both countries once and for all.
Imposing “maximum pressure” on North Korea will persuade it to dismantle its arsenal, Mr. Trump has said. And a decision by the United States to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal will, he said last year, “ensure that Iran never, and I mean never, acquires a nuclear weapon.”
But Mr. Trump’s actions could convey a very different message to the world than the one he may wish to send.
By pledging to break one nuclear deal just as he enters negotiations for another, Mr. Trump risks sending the message that American promises are empty, giving adversaries little reason to make concessions.
By punishing Iran even after it has frozen its nuclear program but agreeing to meet with the leader of North Korea just months after it fulfilled many of its nuclear ambitions, Mr. Trump could inadvertently convey the message that rogue states are best served by defying and threatening the United States.
And by threatening to blow up any deal that does not meet his sometimes inconsistent demands, he may win some concessions at the expense of undermining America’s traditional role as a mediator and convener of negotiations, which Washington has relied on to promote its interests in international forums.

As Saudi Arabia considers digging a moat along its border with Qatar and dumping nuclear waste nearby, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo arrived in Riyadh on his first overseas trip as the nation’s top diplomat with a simple message: Enough is enough.
Patience with what is viewed in Washington as a petulant spat within the Gulf Cooperation Council has worn thin, and Mr. Pompeo told the Saudi Foreign Minister, Adel al-Jubeir, that the dispute needs to end, according to a senior State Department official who briefed reporters on the meetings but who was not authorized to be named.
Last June, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates led an embargo by four Arab nations of Qatar, accusing the tiny, gas-rich nation of funding terrorism, cozying up to Iran and welcoming dissidents. Years of perceived slights on both sides of the conflict added to the bitterness.
Mr. Pompeo’s predecessor, Rex W. Tillerson, spent much of his tenure trying to mediate the dispute, which also involved Egypt and Bahrain, but without success. The Saudis, keen observers of Washington’s power dynamics, knew that Mr. Tillerson had a strained relationship with President Trump and so ignored him, particularly because Mr. Trump sided with the Saudis in the early days of the dispute.
But Mr. Pompeo is closer to Mr. Trump and thus a more formidable figure. And in the nearly 11 months since the embargo began, Qatar has spent millions of dollars on a Washington charm offensive that paid off earlier this month when its leader, Emir Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, had an Oval Office meeting with Mr. Trump during which the president expressed strong support for the tiny country.

Mohammad al-Ajouri is a lanky teenager who loves to run, a medal-winning track star with ambitions to compete abroad.
But last month, while participating in a protest along Gaza's border, he was struck by a bullet fired by an Israeli soldier. It penetrated his calf, shattering his leg before exiting the shin. Doctors tried to save the limb, but an infection soon spread. The leg had to be amputated.
During the past month of demonstrations along the border between Gaza and Israel, at least 17 Palestinians have suffered gunshot wounds that ultimately cost them their legs, according to the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza.
In at least three of the cases, Israeli authorities rejected the transfer of wounded Gazans to the West Bank, where they could receive medical care that might have saved their limbs, according to lawyers and one of the patients' families.
Since the protests began, Israeli troops have killed 43 Palestinians and wounded more than 3,500 with live ammunition, rubber bullets or shrapnel, the Health Ministry said. Of those, about 2,200 have suffered injuries to the legs.
Israeli officials say the protests along the border fence are violent and provide cover for militant attacks. Israeli media report that troops have been ordered to initially fire warning shots at demonstrators, after which they should target protesters' legs.

A fire broke out on Saturday in a high-rise that until recently had been called Trump Tower in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, engulfing much of the building in flames by early evening.
Footage on social media showed flames shooting out of the windows and smoke billowing from the 33-floor building, which is still under construction and had been labeled “Donald Trump’s Worst Deal” by The New Yorker magazine.
The blaze, which broke out on the top floor of the building, burned down through about 20 stories before firefighters extinguished the flames by midafternoon, the news agency Interfax reported.
The fire rekindled in the evening, burning through much of the building, a video posted by the Russian news portal Lenta.ru showed.
The cause of the fire was not immediately clear. Azerbaijan’s Ministry of Emergency Situations did not release further information.
Footage from the scene shows the tower burning as firefighters attempt to extinguish the flames. 
The building was the second property linked to President Trump to catch fire this month, after a blaze broke out on the 50th floor of Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York, killing an art collector. That building was built in the 1980s, before sprinklers were required in new residential towers in New York City.

Larry Harvey, an Oregon farm boy who lit a wooden skeleton on Baker Beach in San Francisco, igniting the cultural force that is Burning Man, died Saturday.
A messianic figure known for wearing a felt Stetson and smoking Marlboro Lights, Harvey was the founder and guiding light of the annual Burning Man bacchanalia in the Nevada desert, which attracts 70,000 campers the week before Labor Day.
Harvey, who last appeared in public March 29 at the opening of a Burning Man art exhibition at the Smithsonian in Washington, died after suffering a massive stroke on April 4. He was 70.

Throughout 1977, the terrified residents of Sacramento County wanted to know when their horror movie of an existence would end. In packed community forums, they expressed their fears about the sadistic predator who was committing sexual assaults in their previously tranquil neighborhoods every few days — someone nicknamed the East Area Rapist.
At one gathering, in a school cafeteria, a Sacramento sheriff’s detective named Carol Daly gave a brief tutorial about defending oneself against the attacker. But before the few hundred audience members dispersed into the California night, a man questioned how anyone could possibly get away with raping a woman in the presence of her husband, who would do everything in his power to prevent an assault.
A few months later, the East Area Rapist targeted that very man and his wife, in one of the more brutal attacks of the dozens he had committed. Ms. Daly, now retired, said on Friday that she has no doubt:
“The rapist was there at that meeting.”
The horrifying moment reflected how the meticulous criminal — whom investigators strongly suspected had law enforcement connections — taunted his pursuers with catch-me-if-you-can brio. He was flaunting his power, it seemed, as well as his belief that he could elude accountability forever.
He was wrong.
