
U.S. President Donald Trump has spoken with French President Emmanuel Macron ahead of announcing whether the U.S. will abandon the landmark international deal curbing Iran’s nuclear program.
Macron’s office said the two spoke Tuesday about “peace and stability in the Mideast,” without elaborating.
Macron vigorously supports the 2015 nuclear deal and tried to persuade Trump to stay committed to it during a visit to Washington last month. Macron suggested there could be a way to move toward a new agreement that would address Trump’s concerns as well as Iran’s ballistic missile program and involvement in Middle East conflicts.
France played an important role in negotiating the deal, holding an especially tough line against Iran’s nuclear activities. Trump has repeatedly criticized the deal.
The agreement required Iran to curb its nuclear enrichment program in exchange for relief from international sanctions.

The Manhattan district attorney has launched an investigation into the abuse allegations against Eric Schneiderman, the New York attorney general who abruptly announced his resignation Monday after the accusations were made public in a New Yorker story.
The investigation comes amid a remarkably swift fall for Schneiderman (D), a high-profile figure who had publicly been an advocate for women while serving as his state’s top law enforcement official. Schneiderman has denied the allegations of abuse that were laid out in painful detail in the magazine article, which included multiple accounts of women saying he slapped and choked them.
About three hours after the New Yorker article was published, Schneiderman said he would step down, with his resignation taking effect on Tuesday. Even as he leaves office, Schneiderman will remain the focus of another New York law enforcement official. A spokesman for Cyrus R. Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, said in a statement that his office “has opened an investigation into the recently reported allegations concerning Mr. Schneiderman.”
The investigation from Vance’s office highlights the sea change for Schneiderman. Just two months earlier, Schneiderman had been tasked by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo (D) with investigating how Vance’s office handled a sexual assault allegation against the movie producer Harvey Weinstein. At the time, Schneiderman said his office was “deeply familiar with Harvey Weinstein’s years of egregious sexual abuse,” having just filed a civil rights lawsuit against the producer and his company.

President Trump will announce one of the most consequential foreign policy decisions of his administration today as voters cast primary ballots in key races that will offer the clearest signs to date about how the November midterm elections will shake out.
At 2 p.m., Trump will address the world from the White House, where he’ll announce whether the U.S. will remain in the nuclear deal the Obama administration struck with Iran, China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, the European Union and Germany.
Trump and his advisers have given every sign that they intend to rip up former President Obama’s signature foreign policy achievement.
But U.S. allies in France, Germany and the U.K. are hopeful the president will recertify the deal one more time to buy negotiators more time to hammer out an agreement they think will satisfy the president’s demands to crack down further on Iran’s nuclear capabilities.
As Trump speaks about Iran, voters will be at the polls in Indiana, North Carolina, Ohio and West Virginia as primary season gets underway for the 2018 midterm elections.
Republicans will find out whether they’re saddled with a former convict who has made racist remarks as their Senate candidate in West Virginia, which would otherwise be a prime pickup opportunity for the GOP.
Democrats, meanwhile, will be electing a candidate they hope will succeed Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio) in what has turned into yet another bitter establishment versus grass roots primary.

First lady Melania Trump’s anti-cyberbullying campaign brochure was largely recycled from an Obama-era publication in 2014, with most of the material copied over verbatim.
On Monday, Trump launched her “Be Best” initiative to promote children’s health, focusing on well-being, social media and online activity, and opioid addiction. As part of that, she and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) released a 27-page document outlining her plan to help parents talk with their children about being safe online.
But the document copies sections almost word-for-word from a FTC pamphlet published in January 2014 as part of the agency’s “Net Cetera” campaign, which began under President Barack Obama in 2009. After tweaking some language and graphics and adding an introduction from the first lady, the White House uploaded the new document, “Talking With Kids About Being Online,” to its website as the only external resource for Trump’s new Be Best website.
“As it is clearly related to the social media portion of Mrs. Trump’s initiatives, it is a good resource to include with some of our Be Best materials,” first lady spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham told BuzzFeed News. “It was updated and edited to reflect today’s event and we were happy to be able to provide the children in attendance with such a resource.”

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un wants to talk to President Trump about “phased and synchronous measures” to deal with the standoff over the North’s nuclear program, Chinese state media reported Tuesday after Kim made his second visit to China in as many months.
This wording, coupled with Kim’s desire to “eventually achieve denuclearization and lasting peace on the peninsula,” will ring alarm bells in Washington as it reinforces suspicions that the North Korean leader will ask Trump to take simultaneous steps to reduce tensions.
Kim is expected to meet Trump some time in the next month for what would be the first such parley between a sitting American president and a North Korean leader. 
“This wording about a ‘phased approach’ shows that this is going to be a process,” said Patrick McEachern, a fellow at the Wilson Center who previously worked on North Korea at the State Department.
“There are no home runs here. Success in diplomacy with North Korea is going to be a series of singles, with some strike-outs and errors along the way,” he said.
There is considerable skepticism among analysts that Kim, having tried so hard to get a credible nuclear weapons program, is about to give it all up — certainly not without extracting major concessions from the United States. That could include lessening the U.S. military footprint in South Korea.

reputed gang member was charged with shooting a federal agent after surveillance cameras captured him in the area where shots were fired early Friday in Chicago’s Back of the Yards neighborhood, according to a criminal complaint.
The complaint did not indicate, though, that the cameras showed the suspect, Ernesto Godinez, firing a gun.
An agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives was shot in the face early Friday as he walked near 44th Street and Hermitage Avenue, not far from Davis Square Park,.
ShotSpotter technology determined that about seven shots had been fired, according to the complaint.
The wounded agent was part of an undercover task force that was “covertly replacing” a court-approved tracking device on a suspect’s vehicle, according to the eight-page complaint.
Dozens of ATF agents packed the courtroom Tuesday as Godinez, who turns 28 Wednesday, made his initial appearance in the Dirksen U.S. Courthouse.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Maria Valdez ordered Godinez, a reputed Almighty Saints gang member, held in custody until a detention hearing May 17. He was charged with forcibly assaulting an ATF agent with a deadly weapon and faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted.

Dmitry Medvedev secured a fresh term as Russian prime minister on Tuesday, as the lower house of parliament voted overwhelmingly for President Vladimir Putin's long-term ally to retain his post.
"I am ready to do everything for the development of our country," Medvedev said ahead of the vote in the State Duma, which Putin also attended.
A total of 374 MPs backed his candidacy while 56 voted against.
The ruling United Russia party and the ultra-nationalist LDPR party backed Medvedev, while the Communist and Just Russia parties opposed him.
The 52-year-old served a term as president from 2008 to 2012 before standing aside to become prime minister while Putin returned to the Kremlin.
Putin praised Medvedev in a speech ahead of the vote, saying that the prime minister "hardly needs any special introduction" after leading the government for the past six years.
"All that has been accomplished in recent years creates a solid basis for moving forward," Putin said, adding that he worked "thoroughly, professionally and honestly" during a "difficult" period for Russia.
"Despite all these difficulties, the government managed not just to solve extraordinary, emergency tasks" but also develop plans aimed at the "mid-term and long-term," Putin said.
"I think it's extremely important to preserve continuity."
- 'There's no money' -

After weeks of rallies and unrest, Armenia’s bloodless revolution secured victory Tuesday when parliament selected protest leader Nikol Pashinyan as prime minister, making a dramatic break with the ruling elite in the former Soviet country.
Upon hearing the news, a huge crowd of around 100,000 in the main square of the capital, Yerevan, burst into cheers, Armenian news outlet CivilNet showed on its live feed. A large truck carrying ice joined in, dumping a frozen mound among the revelers, who turned it into flying snowballs. Rock musicians took to a central stage, where they played to jubilant crowds of mostly young people waving the tricolor Armenian flag and photos of Pashinyan.
The 42-year-old secured the vote after his pro-democracy movement ousted former prime minister Serzh Sargsyan after more than a decade in power. A previous vote on May 1 failed to elect Pashinyan. 
Capping weeks of nationwide strikes, protests and carnivalesque street parties, parliament voted 59 to 42 in favor of Pashinyan. Charismatic and fiery, Pashinyan had convinced some lawmakers from the ruling Republican Party to cross party lines and vote for him — something unthinkable just a short while ago.
Pashinyan’s rise from a fringe opposition lawmaker to prime minister has been meteoric: Six weeks ago, he was walking through the Armenian countryside, Gandhi-style, protesting what he said was cronyism in the small country of 3 million amid accusations that Sargsyan had altered the constitution to stay in power. Attempting to drum up support in villages, Pashinyan camped in tents along the way, attracting followers and growing a salt-and-pepper beard that he still sports. 

It was a shoe-in for the biggest foreign policy faux pas in recent memory.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu put the wrong foot forward during his Wednesday dinner with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe when the Israeli chef served dessert in a shoe -- a huge gaffe given Japanese culture's disdain for shoes inside the home.
And this metal shoe wasn't just inside the home, it was on top of the dinner table, filled with chocolate pralines, The Washington Post reported.
Japanese officials were reportedly horrified after learning Abe was served the dessert by Israeli celebrity chef Segev Moshe inside the shoe, designed by artist Tom Dixon.
“There’s no culture in the world in which you put shoes on the table. What was the distinguished chef thinking? If it was humor, we don’t think it is funny; we were offended on behalf of our prime minister,” a Japanese diplomat, who was not named, told Israeli newspaper Yediot Aharonot.

A 2-year-old toddler was attacked and killed by a leopard on Friday at the Mweya Safari Lodge in Uganda's Queen Elizabeth National Park.
The boy was following his nanny into the kitchen of the park's staff headquarters when he was snatched by the leopard and dragged into bushes. The child's mother is a game ranger at the park, and was working when the incident happened.
The Kampala Postoriginally reported the story. Bashir Hangi, a spokesman for the Uganda Wildlife Authority, told the Post on Tuesday that the nanny heard the child scream and then saw the animal dragging the boy to the bush.
The nanny chased after the boy and animal, but to no avail. The headquarters are reportedly in a protected area popular with tourists. 
A search team later found the boy’s skull and "some other bones" on Saturday, indicating that the leopard had eaten the boy. Francis Manana Nabugyere, the boy's father, said they buried his son's remains over the weekend. 
Nabugyere also said he expects compensation from UWA , and said he wants to see heightened security that would help protect staff and children.

Volcanic activity has paused at all 12 fissures although they continue to emit hazardous fumes, according to the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory.
Residents of Leilani Estates will be allowed to check their property weekdaysfrom 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. until further notice, Hawaii County Civil Defense said in a news release. Entry placards for residents who wish to retrieve personal items from the subdivision will be available at the community information center at Sacred Hearts Church in Pahoa. The information center is open weekdays from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Access to Lanipuna Gardens remains prohibited due to dangerous volcanic gases.
Highway 130 is closed between Malama Street and Kamaili Road. Pohoiki Road is closed from Highway 132 to Hinalo Street.
Puna Geothermal Venture reports no activity at this time although the facility is secured.

Ford will find itself in the crosshairs Tuesday as a coalition of consumer and environmental groups wraps up a journey from the nation’s capital to the Motor City in a bid to block the rollback of Obama-era mileage standards.
The petition drive is meant to put pressure on a company that had called on President Donald Trump to ease mileage rules or risk losing more than 1 million jobs. It coincides with a lawsuit announced last week by 17 states and the District of Columbia to prevent a rollback.
Representatives of Public Citizen, the Sierra Club, Greenpeace USA, CREDO and Care2 will hold a series of rallies that will wind up at Ford's headquarters in the Detroit suburb of Dearborn. There, they aim to deliver petitions bearing 250,000 signatures opposing the EPA’s plan to roll back the Corporate Average Fuel Economy standard, or CAFE, by nearly 25 percent from the original 2025 target. The agency is expected to unveil its revised plan in the coming days.
“This phalanx of states will defend the nation’s clean car standards to boost gas mileage and curb toxic air pollution,” California Gov. Jerry Brown said at a news conference announcing the legal action, adding, “This is about health, it’s about life and death.”
The current CAFE standard calls for steadily increasing the fuel economy of the average light vehicle sold in the U.S. to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025. An EPA draft resolution that leaked last week would bring that down to just under 42 mpg.
