
Less than a week ago, Leilani Estates was the picture of serenity on Hawaii’s Big Island, a subdivision in the island’s eastern Puna district filled with wooden homes nestled in tropical plant-filled lots.
The latest eruption of the island’s most active volcano changed everything.
Shortly after Kilauea erupted Thursday, the ground split open on the east side of Leilani Estates, exposing an angry red beneath the lush landscape. From the widening gash, molten rock burbled and splashed, then shot dozens of feet in the air.
The Hawaii County Civil Defense Agency called it “active volcanic fountaining.” Some residents insisted it was Pele, the Hawaiian volcano goddess, coming to reclaim her land. Residents were ordered to flee amid threats of fires and “extremely high levels of dangerous” sulfur dioxide gas.
Soon, another such fissure had formed a few streets to the west. Then another, and another. From the vents, hot steam — and noxious gases — rose, before magma broke through and splattered into the air.
As of Sunday night, at least 10 such fissure vents were reported in the neighborhood — including two that had opened anew late Saturday night — and at least 26 homes had been destroyed, according to the county civil defense agency.
“That number could change,” Hawaii County spokeswoman Janet Snyder told the Associated Press. “This is heartbreaking.”

Democrats are going into the 2018 elections with the wind at their backs, which could even be enough to flip a Senate map heavily stacked for Republicans come November.
In conversations with several top GOP strategists, nearly all conceded that the overwhelming Democratic enthusiasm they're facing this November is incredibly worrisome. Most still think it's a better than even chance that they do keep the Senate — albeit narrowly — but it's no longer out of the realm of possibility that the upper chamber could change hands, especially given the volatility of the GOP's two-seat majority.
"Generally speaking, close races aren't won by the party with the wind in their face. That's not the way it works," said one top GOP Senate race veteran. "If we lose 40 to 50 seats in the House, you can't pick up three to four Senate seats."
"If we hold the Senate, I think it will be close. It will be closer than it should be when the cycle started," said another longtime Republican Senate operative. "There's no question it's far more in play than it was a year ago."
Moreover, lackluster fundraising as of late from GOP challengers and stronger-than-expected hauls from Democratic incumbents has further stoked worry among Republicans.

• Rudolph Giuliani, who recently joined President Trump’s legal team, tried again on Sunday to straighten out what the president knew, and when, about a payment to the pornographic film actress known as Stormy Daniels.
Speaking to ABC days after an interview in which, according to Mr. Trump, he did not have his “facts straight,” Mr. Giuliani said on Sunday that it was possible that Mr. Trump had paid hush money to other women.
He also said that the president might invoke the Fifth Amendment rather than testify in the special counsel’s investigation. Mr. Trump said as recently as Friday that he wanted to be interviewed by Robert Mueller’s team.
• Mr. Giuliani, a former federal prosecutor, has long been a champion of law enforcement efforts, but that stance has changed. “There’s no question that the amount of government misconduct is accumulating,” Mr. Giuliani said of the Mueller inquiry. “Very embarrassing to my former Justice Department.”

President Trump’s pick to run the C.I.A., Gina Haspel, told White House officials last week that she would withdraw her nomination if they were concerned her role in the brutal interrogation of a Qaeda suspect would scuttle her confirmation and draw the intelligence agency into a fresh controversy over a program it disavowed years ago, according to administration officials and others familiar with the discussions.
Ms. Haspel’s offer on Friday to withdraw her nomination sent administration officials scurrying and a group of top aides, including Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House spokeswoman, headed to C.I.A. headquarters in Langley, Va., to prevent Ms. Haspel from dropping out, these people said.
A career veteran of the agency, Ms. Haspel told White House officials that she was worried less about her own reputation than about the potential damage to the C.I.A. from a bruising confirmation battle. The C.I.A. has struggled to put the legacy of its interrogation policies behind the agency.
Ms. Haspel was ultimately convinced not to withdraw her name and is expected to appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday. On Sunday afternoon, Ms. Haspel was prepping for the hearing with administration officials.
Early Monday, Mr. Trump said Democrats want Ms. Haspel to withdraw because she “was too tough on Terrorists.”

The University of Florida’s apology has fallen short for the graduates whom an usher yanked off the stage this weekend as they danced to celebrate their achievements during a spring commencement ceremony.
"In general, I don't think I've ever been handled in that manner, not even by my parents," Oliver Telusma, one of the dancing students given the hook, told ABC News' "Good Morning America" today. "It's kind of embarrassing, kind of degrading."
Another student, Nafeesah Attah, told “GMA” that the dances were symbolic gestures of joy that had meaning rooted to their fraternities and sororities. She said the response of the white usher who grabbed her and the others and shoved them off stage "was not arbitrary."
"It was definitely contingent on your race... other white students who were dancing were not perceived as a threat," Attah said.
University of Florida President Kent Fuchs acknowledged that the school had been “inappropriately aggressive” while rushing graduates across the stage Saturday, a videotaped incident that has stirred controversy online amid suggestions that the white usher was motivated by race because the students were black.
The usher has not been identified.
Fuchs apologized at another commencement ceremony Sunday.
"I want to personally apologize for us doing that on behalf of myself and also the University of Florida," Fuchs said.

Donald and Melania Trump’s remarkably separate daily routines begin with him getting up around 5:30 a.m., watching cable news shows and tweeting.
The first lady wakes in her own bedroom a bit later, according to two close friends of the Trumps. She then readies their 12-year-old son for school, including checking to make sure his homework is in his backpack.
Amid the noise and churn of the Trump administration — most recently about how the president paid money to silence Stormy Daniels — Melania Trump has settled into a quieter routine, often apart from the president, raising their son and carving out a place for herself in a most untraditional White House.
The first lady has not directly addressed the affairs that Daniels and another woman, Karen McDougal, said they had with her husband. But she has noticeably begun to raise her profile, independent from the president’s, and she has called a news conference in the White House Rose Garden on Monday, a public appearance that would have been almost unthinkable just a few months ago.
“Her focus all along has been children, and this launch is meant to formalize what her role will be for the next three to seven years,” said Stephanie Grisham, Melania’s spokeswoman. She said the first lady will devote the rest of the Trump presidency to the issues children face today and their well-being.
In recent weeks, the first lady has been at the center of more high-profile events than during the entire previous year — including attending the funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush solo

Vladimir Putin was sworn in for another six years as Russian president on Monday, buoyed by popular support but weighed down too by a costly confrontation with the West, a fragile economy and uncertainty about what happens when his term ends.
Standing in the ornately-decorated Andreyevsky Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace, with his hand on a gold-embossed copy of the constitution, Putin swore to serve the Russian people, to safeguard rights and freedoms, and protect Russian sovereignty
Putin’s inauguration for a fourth term as Russian president came two months after more than 70 percent of voters backed him in an election in which he had no serious challengers.
His most dangerous opponent, Alexei Navalny, was barred from running and on Saturday Navalny and hundreds of his supporters were detained by police while protesting over Putin’s new term under the slogan: “Putin is not our tsar.”
Vladimir Putin’s inauguration for a fourth term as Russian president came two months after more than 70 percent of voters backed him in an election in which he had no serious challengers.
In a speech after the swearing-in ceremony, Putin said that in the next six years Russia would prove a strong, muscular player on the world stage, backed by a powerful military, while pushing hard to improve life for its citizens at home.

UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has urged US President Donald Trump not to "throw the baby out with the bathwater" by tearing up the Iran nuclear deal.
Appearing on Fox News' morning show, Mr Trump's favourite, Mr Johnson said the 2015 accord was not perfect.
Under the international deal, Iran has limited its nuclear activities in return for eased economic sanctions.
While in Washington, Mr Johnson will not meet the president. But he will meet US Vice-President Mike Pence, National Security Adviser John Bolton and foreign policy leaders in Congress.
The British foreign secretary tried appealing to the president via Fox & Friends, which Mr Trump is known to watch regularly.
Mr Johnson began by saying Mr Trump "is right to see the flaws in" the deal, but he argued they could be fixed.
He also said countries have "got to be tougher on Iran".
But the foreign secretary warned that without the accord, Iran could develop a nuclear weapon and start an arms race among countries in the region.

The United States opens its new embassy in Jerusalem on May 14, a move that has delighted Israel and infuriated Palestinians.
On Monday, road signs directing traffic there went up around the neighborhood where it will be situated, and next week’s opening ceremony is timed to coincide with Israel’s 70th anniversary.
The initiative was driven by President Donald Trump, after he broke last year with decades of U.S. policy by recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Trump said his administration has a peace proposal in the works, and recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of America’s closest ally had “taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table.”
Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, celebrated Trump’s decision, but the move upset the Arab world and Western allies.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called it a “slap in the face” and said Washington could no longer be regarded as an honest broker in any peace talks with Israel.
Initially, a small interim embassy will operate from the building in southern Jerusalem that now houses U.S. consular operations, while a secure site is found to move the rest of the embassy operations from Tel Aviv.

A minister in Israel's security cabinet says it could topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad if he allows Iranian forces to attack Israel from Syria.
Yuval Steinitz warned that if there was an attack, Mr Assad "must know that it is his end and the end of his regime".
His comments came amid reports that Israeli authorities were preparing for missile strikes by Iran or its proxies.
Iran has vowed to avenge recent air strikes on its military facilities in Syria that were attributed to Israel.
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied carrying out the strikes, but it has said it will stop what it considers Iran's military "entrenchment" in Syria.
Iran has backed President Assad throughout Syria's seven-year civil war, deploying hundreds of military advisers and thousands of militiamen to the country.

They have demanded thousands of documents central to special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. They threaten to impeach Mueller's boss, who in turn accuses them of “extortion.” One has even likened the Russia probe to a possible “coup d’etat.”
President Donald Trump calls them his "warriors": a band of four House Republicans defending Trump with a relentless counterattack against the Justice Department’s Russia investigation that thrills the president even as it unsettles some House GOP colleagues who think they’re going too far.
This crew of hard-charging conservatives, whom Trump singled out by name in late April, have emerged as some of Washington’s most prominent Republicans, enjoying direct lines to the Trump White House and flights on Air Force One.
"Look, we have some absolute warriors," Trump told Fox News on April 26 when asked about his relationship with Congress, name-checking "Jim Jordan and Mark Meadows and Matt Gaetz and [Ron] DeSantis.”

President Trump on Monday weighed in on the eve of the U.S. Senate primaries in West Virginia, urging Republican voters to reject combative newcomer Don Blankenship, a retired coal company executive, in favor of two more mainstream GOP candidates.
In a morning tweet, Trump echoed a growing concern among Republicans: A Blankenship win in Tuesday’s primary could jeopardize the party’s hopes of beating incumbent Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.) in the general election this fall.
West Virginia is one of four states holding primaries on Tuesday, kicking off a crowded month of contests that will determine nominees for House, Senate and governor in November.
Blankenship, who has called himself “Trumpier than Trump,” spent a year in jail following the 2010 explosion at his Upper Big Branch Mine that killed 29 workers, and has referred to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao’s father — the Shanghai-born chairman of a global shipping company — as a “wealthy China-person.”
In a television ad, Blankenship also stepped up his attacks on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), accusing him of creating “millions of jobs for China people.” (Elaine Chao is married to McConnell.)
