
The West Wing shouting match was so loud that more than a dozen staffers heard it.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders cursed and yelled at White House Counsel Donald McGahn during the February confrontation, according to two people familiar with the episode. Misleading statements about the domestic abuse scandal that felled staff secretary Rob Porter had dragged the administration into a maelstrom of chaos and contradictory public statements.
Exasperated, Sanders told McGahn she would not continue to speak for the administration unless she was provided more information about Porter’s situation.
The dispute, which erupted in a hallway outside Deputy Chief of Staff Joe Hagin’s office, was resolved after Sanders received the clarity she sought, the people familiar with the argument said. Hours later, Sanders returned to her lectern to field queries from a skeptical press corps, though her answers left reporters with more questions.

The agency's InSight Mars lander lifted off today (May 5) atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, rising off a pad here at 7:05 a.m. EDT (1105 GMT, 4:05 a.m. local California time) and disappearing into the thick predawn fog moments later.
"This is a big day. We're going back to Mars," NASA's new administrator Jim Bridenstine, who took charge of the agency last month, said in a congratulatory call to the InSight team after launch. "This is an extraordinary mission with a whole host of firsts."
InSight is the first interplanetary mission ever to launch from the West Coast and NASA's first Mars surface craft to lift off since the Curiosity rover started its deep-space journey in November 2011. 
The United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket carrying NASA's InSight Mars soars into space after launching from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California before dawn on May 5, 2018.
If everything goes according to plan, InSight will reach its destination in a little less than seven months, touching down Nov. 26 on a nice, flat plain just north of the Martian equator. After a series of checkouts, the stationary lander will then begin a mission unlike any ever undertaken in the annals of planetary exploration.
InSight "will probe the interior of another terrestrial planet, giving us an idea of the size of the core, the mantle, the crust — and our ability then to compare that with the Earth," NASA Chief Scientist Jim Green said during a prelaunch news conference on Thursday (May 3). "This is of fundamental importance for us to understand the origin of our solar system and how it became the way it is today."

The main event every year at Berkshire Hathaway’s annual meeting is the question and answer session. Elisa Mala, a reporter working for The New York Times asked those attending Berkshire events on Friday what they would ask Mr. Buffett. Here is a sampling:
• What is the single greatest important investment in your lifetime? Is it a company? Is it a relationship? — Conner Van Fossen, Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Mass.
• What are your thoughts about the future/sustainability of health care and Medicare, and how is Berkshire Hathaway’s joint venture with JPMorgan Chase and Amazon going to address this? —Timothy Liu, San Francisco Bay Area.
• What does he see in the cryptocurrency market? Is it going to be the future? Is it going to replace the way we exchange value? Is it worth the hype? — Jason Lu, Shanghai
• Where do you see the job market going, given the rise of Artificial Intelligence? — Ralph Humphrey, Hillside, N.J.
• He’s been technology averse in the past. What makes him so bullish on Apple? — Brian Hanks, Salt Lake City, Utah
• How long he plans on doing this. —Bill Skidmore, Omaha, Neb.

Fresh volcanic eruptions on the southern end of the island of Hawaii after a series of tremors left residents displaced and frightened as the authorities evacuated the state’s largest park on Friday and worked to keep people out of two subdivisions that had been evacuated.
Following days of small earthquakes, a more powerful one with a magnitude of 6.9 hit the south flank of the volcano at 12:33 p.m. Hawaii time. There was no tsunami expected, according to a statement from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, but “many areas may have experienced strong shaking.”
That earthquake, which set off rock slides on park trails, forced park officials to close down and evacuate Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, which encompasses 333,000 acres — 13 percent of the Big Island’s total area. Closing the park is a rare occurrence, Jessica Ferracane, a spokeswoman for the park, said on Friday afternoon.
About 2,600 visitors were being evacuated from the park, Ms. Ferracane said. “It’s a double cruise ship day,” she said, adding that there were people camping in the backcountry. More than two million people visited the park in 2017, the year after its centennial.
Officials said that there had been no reports of injuries or death, but by Friday afternoon, two homes had been surrounded by lava and officials were warning of dangerous gases.
Lava began bubbling up through a new crack in the Kilauea volcano on Thursday evening, but the lava flows, at least as of Friday morning in Hawaii, had been small, said Dr. Charles Mandeville, coordinator of the Volcano Hazards Program at the United States Geological Survey headquarters in Reston, Va.

After a week of news about Stormy Daniels, President Donald Trump headed to Dallas to speak to members of the National Rifle Association.
Trump repeated talking points against gun control, warned against illegal immigration, and complained about Democratic obstruction and the media.
Here is a sampling of Trump’s comments that we’ve fact-checked or for which we’ve provided additional context.
"Chicago has the toughest gun laws in our country. They are so tough."
This is a familiar talking point for Trump, but it’s not accurate.
The statement is years out of date. After a Supreme Court ruling, Chicago residents can own handguns and carry them unseen on the streets. A national gun control group puts seven states above Illinois in regulating gun ownership, including New York and California.
Chicago also isn't particularly tough when it comes to enforcement. A 2014 Chicago Sun Times analysis found that Chicago judges tended to hand down the minimum sentence of one year for illegal gun possession while the maximum is three years. Felons with a weapon got four-year sentences on average when they could have received 10.

Two top advisers to James Comey when he was director of the FBI resigned from the bureau on Friday, an FBI spokeswoman confirmed.
James Baker was a longtime confidant of Comey’s, serving as the bureau’s general counsel, and Lisa Page was an FBI lawyer who advised Comey while serving under his deputy director, Andrew McCabe. Their departures were first reported by The New York Times.
Last year it was revealed that Baker was under investigation by the Justice Department on suspicion that he gave classified information to a reporter, though he was never charged. Baker was also reassigned as general counsel just before Christmas when the bureau’s new director, Christopher Wray, was assembling his own team. At the time, Comey wrote on Twitter: “Sadly, we are now at a point in our political life when anyone can be attacked for partisan gain.”
Page has been criticized by conservatives after the release of texts between her and Peter Strzok — an agent who led the FBI’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election — that expressed negative views of President Donald Trump, in addition to criticism of Hillary Clinton and others within the Justice Department.

President Donald Trump is offering his latest teaser for a historic U.S. summit with North Korea: The time and place have been set, but he's not saying when and where.
The White House on Friday did announce the details of a separate meeting later this month between Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in, as Washington pushed back on a report that Trump is considering the withdrawal of U.S. forces from its ally.
Trump and Moon plan to meet at the White House on May 22 to "continue their close coordination on developments regarding the Korean Peninsula" following last Friday's meeting between Moon and Kim Jong Un. They will also discuss the U.S. president's own upcoming summit with the North Korean leader, a statement said.
Earlier this week, Trump expressed a preference for holding the "big event" with Kim in the demilitarized zone or DMZ between the two Koreas, where Moon and Kim met. He also said Singapore was in contention to host what will be the first summit of between a U.S. and a North Korean leader.
"We now have a date and we have a location. We'll be announcing it soon," Trump told reporters Friday from the White House South Lawn before departing for Dallas. He's previously said the summit was planned for May or early June.

Riot police have seized Russia's most prominent opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, at a Moscow rally two days before Vladimir Putin's inauguration.
He was carried away struggling through the crowd of demonstrators, who had gathered to protest at Mr Putin's forthcoming fourth term in office.
The rallies in Moscow and Russia's second city, St Petersburg, were not approved by the authorities.
At least 1,000 arrests were reportedly made at rallies across Russia.
Protesters on Moscow's Pushkin Square shouted slogans such as "Down with the tsar!" - "tsar" was the historical title of Russia's pre-revolutionary emperors - and "Russia without Putin!". In St Petersburg, Russia's second city, they shouted "Jail the tsar!".
Activists have been using a Russian hash tag on Twitter which translates as "He's not our tsar".
The pro-Kremlin National Liberation Movement held a rival rally at the same location in Moscow.

It’s not as simple as just saying “we’re out” of the Iran nuclear deal.
If President Donald Trump follows through on his threat to pull the U.S. out of the Iran nuclear deal on May 12, the rest of the world will be thrust into uncharted territory, forced to navigate a complex web of U.S. sanctions that were lifted under the landmark accord but would ostensibly be put back in place.
Would Trump re-impose sanctions on those who do business with Iran? How quickly? And would Europe follow suit? How would Iran respond? And what happens to Iran’s pre-existing obligations to allow nuclear inspections?
“It’s going to be very complicated,” said Ama Adams, who advises clients on international sanctions compliance at the law firm Ropes & Gray. “There are lots of opportunities to trip up and make mistakes. It’s going to be a period of a lot of activity and flurry.”

A 16-year-old girl in India was burnt alive after her parents complained to village elders that she had been raped, according to police.
Fourteen people have been arrested in connection with the attacks in the eastern Indian state of Jharkhand.
Police said the elders had ordered the accused rapists to do 100 sit-ups and pay a 50,000 rupee (£550; $750) fine as punishment.
They were so enraged they beat the girl's parents then set her on fire.
"The two accused thrashed the parents and rushed to the house where they set the girl ablaze with the help of their accomplices," Ashok Ram, the officer in charge of the local police station, told AFP news agency.
The girl was believed to have been abducted from her home while her parents were attending a wedding.
Local police said she was raped by two men in a forested area near the village of Raja Kendua.
Upon discovering the assault, her parents went to village elders to pursue charges against the suspected perpetrators.

A man who killed a police officer in a shootout on Friday barricaded himself in an apartment complex in Indiana before he later died from his injuries, authorities said.
Four Terre Haute police officers approached the suspect at the Garden Quarter Apartments around 6:30 p.m. while they were investigating a homicide that took place earlier Friday, police said.
The suspect opened fire from the second floor and struck an officer on the ground below as the cops returned fire, according to Joe Watts, public information officer for the Indiana State Police.
A veteran officer was injured in the shootout and rushed to Terre Haute Regional Hospital, where he died.
The suspect, who was also injured, managed to barricade himself inside the building for several hours.
When a SWAT team finally entered the building around 9:15 p.m., they found the suspect on the second floor hallway, Watts said.
Several law enforcement agencies including the Indiana State Police and the Vigo County Sheriff's Department surrounded the apartment building in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Medics responded to the scene and treated the suspect, who later died, said Police Chief John Plasse.
The identities of both the slain officer and the suspect have not been released.
The officer's death is the department's first in seven years.

A federal judge in Virginia on Friday sharply questioned the motivations of special counsel Robert S. Mueller III’s fraud prosecution of President Trump’s former campaign manager, saying it was aimed at getting him to provide evidence against the president.
Judge T.S. Ellis III’s comments came during a hearing in Alexandria federal court, where attorneys for Paul Manafort argued that bank- and tax-fraud charges against him are outside the scope of the special counsel’s authority. While the judge has yet to rule and indicated that he may well decide in favor of prosecutors, his scrutiny of their approach quickly became a rallying cry for supporters of the president.
“You don’t really care about Mr. Manafort’s bank fraud,” said Ellis, who is known for being combative with attorneys in his courtroom. “You really care about getting information Mr. Manafort can give you that would reflect on Mr. Trump and lead to his prosecution or impeachment.”
Ellis said the special counsel, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election, wanted Manafort, “the vernacular is, to sing.” The judge also put it another way, saying the office set out to “turn the screws and get the information you really want.”
The comments earned quick praise from Trump, who said from the stage at a National Rifle Association event in Dallas, “I’ve been saying that for a long time — it’s a witch hunt.” Trump called Manafort a “very nice guy” and said that “all we hear about is this phony Russia witch hunt.”  
