
Giuliani said to ABC News Chief Anchor George Stephanopoulos in an exclusive interview on "This Week" Sunday, "How could I be confident" that president won't take the Fifth Amendment? The former New York City mayor also commented on the possibility of Trump getting subpoenaed by the special counsel to testify. "We don't have to" comply with a subpoena, he said.
"They don't have a case on collusion, they don't have obstruction ... I'm going to walk him into a prosecution for perjury like Martha Stewart did?" Giuliani said. "He's the president of the United States. We can assert privilege other presidents [have]."
Giuliani said "I have a client who wants to testify ... So he may testify and we may actually work things out with Bob Mueller."
But the president's lawyer also suggested he is cautious about having Trump sit down with Mueller. "Not after the way they've acted," Giuliani said of the special counsel's team. "I came into this case with a desire to [have the president talk to Mueller] and they just keep convincing me not to do it."
Michael Cohen, left, President Donald Trump's personal attorney, leaves federal court in New York, April 26, 2018.
President Trump said on Friday he would "love to speak" to Mueller but would only do it on the condition he is "treated fairly,"
Giuliani also told Stephanopoulos on "This Week" that he expects Trump's former, longtime personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, to cooperate with the Mueller investigation.
But Giuliani suggested he has no concerns about anything Cohen could said.

People close to Sen. John McCain have told the White House that the ailing Arizona Republican does not want President Donald Trump to attend his funeral and would like Vice President Mike Pence to come instead, a source close to McCain confirmed to NBC News.
McCain, 81, has been battling an aggressive form of brain cancer for nearly a year and is back home in Arizona after he underwent surgery last month for an intestinal infection.
The senator, the 2008 GOP presidential nominee, said in an audio excerpt this week of his forthcoming memoir, "I don't know how much longer I'll be here," according to a clip aired by NPR.
The White House did not immediately return a request for comment.
Trump did not attend the recent funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush in Houston, Texas, in order "to avoid disruptions due to added security, and out of respect for the Bush Family and friends attending the service," the White House said last month. First lady Melania Trump attended the service instead, along with former Presidents George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and former first lady Hillary Clinton.

U.S. President Donald Trump caused anger in France and Britain by suggesting looser gun laws could have helped prevent deadly attacks in Paris in 2015 and linking knife crime in London to a handgun ban.
In a speech to the National Rifle Association (NRA) on Friday, Trump mimicked the shooting of victims in the Paris rampage and said if civilians had been armed "it would have been a whole different story."
The French government issued its strongest criticism of Trump since he took office and one minister urged the leader to apologize, at a time when President Emmanuel Macron has been reinforcing bilateral ties following a state visit.
"France expresses its firm disapproval of President Trump's comments about the Paris attacks on Nov. 13, 2015 and demands that the memory of the victims be respected," the foreign office said in a statement.
"France is proud to be a country where acquiring and carrying firearms is strictly regulated."
French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said he hoped Trump "would come back on his words and express regret".
"His comments are shocking and not worthy of the president of the world's greatest superpower," Le Maire told BFM television on Sunday.
ther French politicians, including the mayor of Paris, took issue with Trump's comments, after he acted out the scene of the massacre by Islamist assailants at Paris' Bataclan concert hall, where 90 of the 130 victims of the attacks died.

President Trump used a roundtable on taxes here Saturday to campaign for a Republican Senate candidate and to assail undocumented immigrants for taking advantage of U.S. laws he derided as weak.
Though billed as an official White House event, and therefore funded with taxpayer money, Trump was overtly political in his remarks ahead of Tuesday’s primary election. He celebrated his own poll numbers, repeatedly attacked Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) and urged Ohioans to elect Rep. James B. Renacci (R-Ohio), who is running against Brown.
“We need your vote, we need your help, so go out and help Jim,” Trump said, with Renacci seated by his side. “Get it done.”
Veering off the planned topic of taxes, Trump had especially harsh words for immigrants who entered the United States illegally. He accused them of taking advantage of “catch and release” policies, accused many of not showing up for their immigration court dates and suggested they did not deserve a trial.
“It’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever seen,” Trump said. “You catch them and then you release them. This is a Democrat rule, Sherrod Brown.”
He went on to describe the policies as “ridiculous,” saying: “We have thousands of [immigration] judges. You think other countries have judges that give them trials?”
“These are the laws we’re suffering with,” the president added.

Iran has been preparing for months for the possibility that U.S. President Donald Trump will pull out of the nuclear agreement, President Hassan Rouhani said, warning that the U.S. would quickly come to regret such a decision.
Rouhani said government officials received instructions months ago on what to do in the event the U.S. decides to end waivers on key sanctions on May 12, the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported. The Iranian president said he’d met with officials from the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran in recent days and discussed a “clear path” ahead.
Trump has expressed contempt for the 2015 nuclear accord that offers Iran sanctions relief in return for halting its nuclear weapons program, signaling that he’s not inclined to extend waivers that allow Iran to export oil to some of its biggest customers. Failing to uphold them will effectively end U.S. participation in the deal.
“The U.S. has always sought to sow intrigue against Iran but has never succeeded in the face of Iran’s greatness,” Rouhani said in a speech, addressing crowds at a rally in the northeastern city of Sabzevar. “This time, once again, it is also making a mistake. And if it wants to leave the nuclear deal, it will quickly see that this decision will be a regret of historic proportions.”

The number of homes destroyed by lava shooting out of openings in the ground created by Hawaii's Kilauea volcano climbed to five. Some of the more than 1,700 people who evacuated prepared for the possibility they may not return for quite some time.
"I have no idea how soon we can get back," said Todd Corrigan, who left his home in Leilani Estates with his wife on Friday as lava burst through the ground three or four blocks from their home. They spent the night on the beach in their car and began looking for a vacation rental.
CBS affiliate KGMB-TV reports that two new vents opened in the neighborhood on Saturday, bringing the total to 10. Video footage showed lava shooting into the air.
Earlier, the older fissures, each several hundred yards long, had quieted down and were only releasing steam and gas.
Scientists said Kilauea was likely to release more lava through additional vents, but they were unable to predict exactly where.
Talmadge Magno, administrator for Hawaii County Civil Defense, told CBS News correspondent Carter Evans that it's not known for how long the volcanic activity will continue.

North Korea on Sunday criticized what it called "misleading" claims that President Trump's policy of maximum political pressure and sanctions are what drove Pyongyang to the negotiating table. The new comments come with just weeks to go before Mr. Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un are expected to hold their first-ever summit.
The North's official news agency quoted a Foreign Ministry spokesman warning the claims are a "dangerous attempt" to ruin a budding detente on the Korean Peninsula after Kim's summit late last month with South Korean President Moon Jae-in.
At the summit, Kim agreed to a number of measures aimed at improving North-South ties and indicated he is willing to discuss the denuclearization of the peninsula, though exactly what that would entail and what conditions the North might require have not yet been explained.
Mr. Trump and senior U.S. officials have suggested repeatedly that Washington's tough policy toward North Korea, along with pressure on its main trading partner China, have played a decisive role in turning around what had been an extremely tense situation.
Just last year, as Kim was launching long-range missiles at a record pace and trading vulgar insults with Mr. Trump, it would have seemed unthinkable for the topic of denuclearization to be on the table.

Foreign governments and rights activists on Sunday expressed outrage over mass arrests in Russia and the brutality with which protests were broken up on the eve of Vladimir Putin's inauguration.
The European Union slammed "police brutality and mass arrests" after nearly 1,600 protesters including opposition leader Alexei Navalny were on Saturday detained in 27 Russian cities during nationwide rallies ahead of Putin's swearing-in ceremony for a fourth Kremlin term on Monday.
Thousands had taken to the streets heeding a call from Navalny, a charismatic 41-year-old opposition politician, who was barred from challenging Putin in March's presidential election and called on Russians to stage rallies under the catchy slogan "Not our Tsar".
In Moscow, Saint Petersburg and a number of Russian cities the rallies were not authorised and police used force to break up the protests, beating demonstrators with truncheons and dragging them along the ground.
In a new development that shocked many, police in Moscow were helped by pro-Putin activists dressed as Cossacks, a paramilitary class who served as tsarist cavalrymen in imperial Russia.

The White House on Saturday sharply criticized China’s efforts to force foreign airlines to change how they refer to Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau, labeling China’s latest effort to police language describing the politically sensitive territories as “Orwellian nonsense.”
Amid an escalating fight over China’s trade surplus with the United States, the White House said China’s Civil Aviation Administration sent a letter to 36 foreign air carriers, including a number of U.S. carriers, demanding changes.
The carriers were told to remove references on their websites or in other material that suggests Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau are part of countries independent from China, U.S. and airline officials said.
The White House said in a statement that President Donald Trump “will stand up for Americans resisting efforts by the Chinese Communist Party to impose Chinese political correctness on American companies and citizens.”
“This is Orwellian nonsense and part of a growing trend by the Chinese Communist Party to impose its political views on American citizens and private companies. ... We call on China to stop threatening and coercing American carriers and citizens.”
Taiwan is China’s most sensitive territorial issue. Beijing considers the self-ruled, democratic island a wayward province. Hong Kong and Macau are former European colonies that are now part of China but run largely autonomously.

At least 14 people have been killed and 37 wounded in an explosion at a mosque in the Afghan province of Khost, local officials say.
People had gathered for afternoon prayers at the mosque, which was also being used as a voter registration centre.
Some of the injured are said to be in a critical condition.
No group has claimed responsibility but the Islamic State group has carried out similar attacks in the past.
There have been a number of attacks on voter registration centres since the process started last month for October's parliamentary elections.
On 22 April, a suicide bomb attack at a voter registration centre in the capital Kabul killed at least 57 people.
The Kabul attack was claimed by IS, but the Taliban has also warned people not to take part in the elections, which are said to be a key test of President Ashraf Ghani's credibility.

 Joe and Connie Henderson packed up their car in Arizona earlier this past week and drove nearly 1,000 miles across desert and high plains to the National Rifle Association’s 147th annual meeting here. The couple came to their first meeting for two reasons: both to check out the latest firearms and to stand up for an organization they believe is under attack.
“We really wanted to be able to see this someday,” Joe Henderson said, gesturing to a massive convention center filled with guns and ammunition. “We really wanted to come because of all the negative press.”
The annual NRA convention is a huge trade show, where firearms enthusiasts ogle the newest products: holsters, scopes, rifles, cowboy boots, commemorative coins. It is a massive marketing opportunity for the NRA, with mammoth photos of its leaders hanging throughout the convention center, offers of discount membership, T-shirts and other swag for sale and booths set up to promote perks such as its wine club.
There are seminars on firearm safety and Second Amendment law. And there is a major political element to the event, with the president and vice president this year asserting their support for an organization that since a February school shooting that left 17 dead in Parkland, Fla., has been directly challenged by students, activists, corporate America and politicians.

Nearly 200 horses were found dead in a stock pond on Navajo land in Arizona after widespread drought and famine hit the area, officials said.
About 191 wild horses died of natural causes in the pond in Gray Mountain, Navajo Nation Vice President Jonathan Nez said in a news release. Nez and Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye went to the scene to assess the incident last Wednesday.
“These animals were searching for water to stay alive. In the process, they unfortunately burrowed themselves into the mud and couldn’t escape because they were so weak,” Nez said in the news release.
The horses will be buried onsite. Officials will be spreading hydrated lime to speed up decomposition before they are buried. The pond will then be permanently closed and covered and a new watering hole will be created at a different location.
This isn’t the first time dozens of horses were found dead near a watering pond. Officials said the incident was a seasonal issue as Navajo communities attempt to solve their growing wild horse population. The Navajo Nation — territory that covers parts of Arizona, New Mexico and Utah — has an estimated 50,000 to 70,000 feral horses on the land. Navajo Nation officials said the ecosystem cannot support the amount of horses. 
“This tragic incident exemplifies the problem the Navajo Nation faces in an overpopulation of feral horses,” Begaye said.
Arizona has been experiencing an unusual dry spell after a winter with little rain and snow. About 10 percent of Arizona is seeing exceptional drought, AZCentral reported. The forecast for the next three months also doesn’t offer much hope for more rain to quell the drought.
