
Kilauea volcano has erupted near a residential area on Hawaii's largest island, prompting a local state of emergency and the mandatory evacuation of 1,700 residents.
Streams of lava have been seen running through woods and bubbling on to roads.
Extreme levels of dangerous sulphur dioxide gas have been detected in the area, the Civil Defense Agency said.
Kilauea is one of the world's most active volcanoes and the eruption follows a series of recent earthquakes.
"It sounds like a jet engine," resident Ikaika Marzo told the Honolulu Star-Advertiser. "It's going hard."
Community centres have been opened to provide shelter for evacuees.
Talmadge Mango, the civil defence administrator for Hawaii County, said that power lines had melted off their poles in one area.
"Seismic activity is still extremely high, so we feel that this might just be the beginning of things," he said.
Officials had been warning residents all week they should be prepared to evacuate as an eruption would give little warning.
A volcanic crater vent - known as Puu Oo - collapsed earlier this week, sending lava down the mountain's slopes towards populated areas.

I disagree with the prevailing wisdom that Rudy Giuliani committed one giant blunder Wednesday night. When Giuliani disclosed that President Trump had reimbursed Michael Cohen for the Stormy Daniels payment, it contradicted what had been said before, yes. But legally speaking, it made some sense, especially regarding claiming attorney-client privilege and getting ahead of what might come out of the Cohen case. Time will tell.
But other parts of the Giuliani interview were clearly blunders which Giuliani is now cleaning up. And if Trump is about to dispatch Giuliani regularly to speak for him, buckle up. Because Giuliani is a uniquely Trumpian blend of confidence and lack of discipline.
In an interview with BuzzFeed's Chris Geidner on Thursday, Giuliani sought to walk back two of his more curious claims from Wednesday: That Trump fired James B. Comey because Comey refused to say Trump's wasn't under investigation, and that Trump had secured the releases of three hostages from North Korea.
Neither, Giuliani now says, were actually based upon his own knowledge of how things went down. He was just passing along things he had heard or suspected, without taking care to verify them.
The apparent Comey admission might have been the most legally problematic that Giuliani made. Much like Trump's Lester Holt interview, it suggested Trump had fired Comey to influence the course of the Russia investigation. “He fired Comey because Comey would not, among other things, say that he wasn't a target of the investigation,” Giuliani said. “He's entitled to that.”

The Labor Department released its April hiring and unemployment report on Friday, providing the latest snapshot of the economy.
■ The unemployment rate was 3.9 percent, the lowest rate since 2000 and a sign that the job market has become even more competitive. It had been 4.1 percent since October.
■ 164,000 jobs were added last month. Wall Street economists had expected an increase of about 193,000, according to Bloomberg.
■ The Labor Department revised the job figures for February slightly downward, but revised the numbers for March sharply upward. The result was a net increase of 30,000 jobs, compared with previous estimates.
■ Average earnings rose by 4 cents an hour last month and are up 2.6 percent over the past year.
American employers continue to find reasons to expand their payrolls. April marked the 91st consecutive month of job gains, far and away the longest streak of increases on record. The average monthly gain has declined each year since 2014, but that’s normal for an economy that’s been in recovery for such an extended period.
“We’ve continued to add jobs routinely every month for so long, and the unemployment rate we have reached is amazing,” said Catherine Barrera, chief economist of the online job site ZipRecruiter. “It’s very incredible.”

President Trump will speak at the National Rifle Association's annual convention on Friday, a little more than two months after he pledged to stand up to the gun rights organization in the aftermath of the Parkland, Fla., school shooting.
In the days after the shooting that killed 17 people, Trump called out lawmakers for being "afraid" of the NRA, saying the group had "less power" over him. He even publicly backed raising the minimum age to buy long guns and supported imposing more expansive background checks — positions strongly opposed by the NRA.
But when the White House actually announced its proposals to improve school safety, the approach was much more narrow and pretty much in line with NRA policy stances.
The mismatch between Trump's rhetoric on gun laws and the legislative actions he ultimately ended up backing fits a larger pattern for Trump. He has repeatedly floated ideas publicly, seemingly off the cuff, before pulling back to conform with more mainstream Republican principles.
"It often seems that Trump pivots to more traditional positions once longtime actors in the policy process are able to brief him about why Republicans hold positions at odds with the ones he just espoused," said Justin Vaughn, director of the Center for Idaho History and Politics at Boise State University.
Vaughn said the result is that Trump ends up falling in line with his base, but he may get fewer policy "wins."
The president was able to sign into law some measures that address deficiencies in the current national background check system, although those provisions fell short of calls for requiring background checks for all gun purchases.

The White House and the Pentagon are denying a published report that President Trump is seeking options to reduce the U.S. troop presence on the Korean peninsula.
The New York Times reported Friday that Trump ordered the Pentagon to prepare options for drawing down U.S. troops in South Korea, just weeks before he is expected to meet with North Korea's Kim Jong Un. Mr. Trump has expressed frustration that South Korea does not contribute enough to fund U.S. forces that bolster its defenses. National security adviser John Bolton called the Times' story "utter nonsense."
"The president has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea," Bolton said in a statement to reporters Friday.
Pentagon spokesman Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan gave a similar response.
"The NYT story is false," Logan told CBS News' David Martin. "The president has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea. The Department of Defense's mission in South Korea remains the same, and our force posture has not changed. The Department of Defense remains committed to supporting the maximum pressure campaign, developing and maintaining military options for the President, and reinforcing our ironclad security commitment with our allies. We all remain committed to complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."
The White House hasn't said whether Mr. Trump is willing to place U.S. troop levels on the negotiating table when he meets with Kim.

Two days of inconclusive U.S.-China talks ended here Friday amid signs that the Trump administration is demanding dramatic concessions that challenge core elements of China’s economic system and its ambitions for future development.
China said “big differences” remained as a high-level U.S. government delegation headed home, although consensus had been reached on some issues.
It was unclear where the two sides had found common ground, but U.S. envoys’ overall aims are likely to have met stiff resistance given their demands for fundamental revisions in how the Chinese leadership manages foreign trade — including a $200 billion cut in the U.S. trade deficit by 2020 — and its domestic economy.
“The United States-China trade relationship is significantly imbalanced” and “immediate” action is needed to reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China, said a U.S. briefing paper presented to Chinese officials, which appeared on the social media site Weibo before being deleted by Chinese government censors.
The meetings marked an attempt by the Trump administration to leverage changes from China without sparking a potentially disastrous trade war, after threatening to impose tariffs on up to $150 billion in Chinese imports.
U.S. negotiators entered the talks with a sweeping set of demands that called for China to drop its tariffs to match lower U.S. levels; eliminate limits on U.S. investment in key industries; end state-sponsored cyber attacks on U.S. targets; strengthen intellectual property safeguards and halt subsidies for several advanced technology industries.

Tensions between the United States and China flared on two military fronts as Washington accused the Chinese of harassing American pilots flying over the African nation of Djibouti and warned of consequences to the deployment of missiles on artificial islands China has built in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
The Pentagon’s spokeswoman, Dana W. White, said Thursday that personnel at China’s military base in Djibouti have in recent weeks been aiming powerful lasers at American aircraft that also operate in or near the country, which is where the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden meet.
She did not detail the number of incidents but said the lasers — which can be used to target aircraft — caused minor eye injuries to two American pilots.
The accusations came a time when the two countries have found themselves increasingly at odds, particularly over trade, which was the subject of a second day of talks here in Beijing attended by President Trump’s senior economic advisers and their Chinese counterparts.
The episodes in Djibouti heightened concerns in Washington about China’s growing military assertiveness in a vast region from the Horn of Africa to the Pacific. The modernization of China’s military has been a core mission of the country’s leader, Xi Jinping, who has recently presided over displays of military might on land and sea and appears eager to challenge American military supremacy in Asia.

Embroiled in a sexual misconduct scandal, the Swedish Academy announced Friday that it will not award a Nobel Prize in Literature in 2018.
It has declined to award the prize seven times before, in years of war and when the academy determined that none of the nominees deserved it. The last time a Nobel literature prize was postponed was over six decades ago.
“The Swedish Academy intends to decide on and announce the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2018 in parallel with the naming of the 2019 laureate,” according to a statement posted on the Nobel Prize website. “The crisis in the Swedish Academy has adversely affected the Nobel Prize. Their decision underscores the seriousness of the situation and will help safeguard the long-term reputation of the Nobel Prize.”
It added that the awarding of the other prizes would not be disrupted.
The announcement came days after Swedish media reported that French photographer Jean-Claude Arnault, the husband of an academy member and a recipient of academy funds, groped Swedish Crown Princess Victoria at an academy event in 2006. Arnault had already been accused of sexual harassment or assault, in some cases on academy property, by 18 women in November. He also allegedly leaked the names of at least seven Nobel winners but has denied all accusations against him.
In connection with the scandal, the head of the academy, Sara Danius, has stepped down, and several other academy members, including Arnault’s wife, poet Katarina Frostenson, have given up their active membership. Eleven members of the 18-person committee remain active.

Iran’s hardliners are preparing to bring President Hassan Rouhani to heel if U.S. President Donald Trump scraps Tehran’s nuclear deal with major powers, officials and analysts believe.
Trump has threatened to abrogate the 2015 agreement by not extending sanctions waivers when they expire on May 12, if Britain, France and Germany do not “fix” its “terrible flaws”.
This sets the stage for a resurgence of political infighting within Iran’s complex power structure, Iranian officials said.
Annulment of the accord could tip the balance of power in favor of hardliners looking to constrain the relatively moderate Rouhani’s ability to open up to the West.
While the spotlight is on Trump’s eventual decision there will be a display of unity in Tehran, a senior Iranian official told Reuters, on condition of anonymity.
“But when the crisis is over, hardliners will try to weaken and sideline the president,” the official said.
Nor can the president expect any weakening of Iran’s system of clerical rule as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nuclear deal, meaning “Rouhani will be in a no-win situation”, said a relative of Khamenei.
For Rouhani the stakes are high. If the deal falls apart, he could become politically vulnerable for promoting the 2015 accord, under which non-nuclear sanctions were lifted in return for Tehran curbing its nuclear program.

They seem stuck with each other - so close, in fact, that our projected national share of the vote from the results would mean that, in a hypothetical general election tomorrow, the two main Westminster parties would receive exactly the same levels of public support.
For reasons we've discussed at length overnight and in recent days, we have to be careful about directly transposing what happened on Thursday into a theoretical nationwide election.
But while in one sense not very much happened in the local election - not very many councils and seats changed hands and neither of the main parties have (with a couple of hours to go) made dramatic strides - something important did happen.
Voters opted again for roughly the status quo, underlining the trends that we saw developing at the general election as the political parties grappled with a new landscape after the referendum.
Labour piled up support in big urban areas, but struggled to show advances in towns or areas where there used to be big industries, which are often - inconveniently for them - the kinds of places that have Westminster constituencies that swing the election.
And notably, in part due to the grim row over anti-Semitism not being tackled in the Labour Party quickly enough, Labour did not make the kinds of additional gains in London boroughs they had suggested, even though in some of those critical parts of the metropolis, they ran the Tories extremely close.u

Missouri state lawmakers on Thursday called a special session to consider impeaching embattled Republican Gov. Eric Greitens.
The announcement from the Republican-held House and Senate comes as Greitens, a former Navy SEAL once considered a rising star in his party, faces widespread calls to step down amid criminal charges.
The governor faces a trial this month on a felony invasion-of-privacy charge for allegedly taking an unauthorized, nude photo of a blindfolded woman with whom he was having an extramarital affair. Last month, Greitens was also charged with two felony counts of computer tampering stemming from allegations that he used a veterans charity donor list to raise funds for his 2016 campaign for governor without the permission of the group, which he founded.
It is the first time in Missouri’s history that state legislators have called for a special session, House Speaker Todd Richardson (R) said in a news conference Thursday. The special session is set to begin on May 18, just days after the start of Greitens’s criminal trial, and will last no more than 30 days. It will allow lawmakers to continue investigating the governor’s conduct and consider taking disciplinary action against him, Richardson said.

A Native American teenager who was with his younger brother when the two were pulled from a college tour said the ordeal began less than 30 minutes after they had arrived on the Colorado campus. School officials say a parent in the group called the police to report feeling nervous about their presence.
“I think it’s pretty discriminatory,” 19-year-old Thomas Kanewakeron Gray said Thursday. “Me and my brother just stayed to ourselves the whole time. I guess that was scaring people; that we were just quiet.”
Gray said police stopped him and his 17-year-old brother, Lloyd Skanahwati Gray, while the Colorado State University admissions tour group was inside a gymnasium Monday, and began questioning the brothers aggressively about why they were on campus that day. Campus police patted down each of the teens and released them only after they were able to provide an email proving they had reserved spots on the tour.
By then, however, their tour group had moved on without them and the brothers left the campus and returned home to New Mexico.
The older brother said the school was their first choice, because of its proximity to Denver, where they could attend concerts. The brothers, both Mohawk, are musicians, and study contemporary and traditional music.
