
North Korea says it will begin dismantling its nuclear test site in less than two weeks in a ceremony attended by foreign journalists.
Pyongyang said it was taking "technical measures" to carry out the process between 23-25 May, North Korean state news agency KCNA reported on Saturday.
Scientists previously said the site may have partially collapsed in September.
The move is due to take place three weeks before US President Donald Trump meets North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
In April, South Korean officials said Mr Kim had stated he "would carry out the closing of the nuclear test site in May", adding that nuclear experts from South Korea and the US would be invited to watch.
Their comments came after talks between Mr Kim and South Korea's President Moon Jae-in.
However there was no mention of allowing foreign experts access to the site in Saturday's statement from North Korea.
The dismantling of the Punggye-ri site, the exact date of which will depend on weather conditions, will involve the collapsing of all tunnels using explosives and the removal of all observation facilities, research buildings and security posts.
Journalists from South Korea, China, the US, the UK and Russia will be asked to attend to witness the event.

Sen. John McCain is 2,200 miles from Washington and hasn’t been on Capitol Hill in five months, but he showed this week that he remains a potent force in national politics and a polarizing figure within the Republican Party.
From his home in Sedona, Ariz., where he is receiving treatment for an aggressive and typically fatal type of brain cancer, McCain has challenged and praised the Trump administration’s actions on national security — his voice limited to news releases and Twitter.
But his declaration Wednesday in opposition to Gina Haspel, President Trump’s nominee for CIA director, has uniquely roiled the political scene. The denunciation has prompted reactions from fellow senators and a former vice president, as well as intemperate remarks from some Republicans aligned with Trump, including a White House aide.
It has revived the fierce debate over torture and its effectiveness in extracting information in the years since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks — from a man who speaks from experience. McCain was held for 5½ years in a North Vietnamese prison, often deprived of sleep, food and medical care, after a jet he piloted was shot down over Hanoi.
And while McCain is not expected to cast a vote, his opposition to Haspel — based on her record overseeing controversial CIA interrogations of suspected terrorists — has injected uncertainty into her confirmation.

President Trump vowed on Friday to “bring soaring drug prices back down to earth” by promoting competition among pharmaceutical companies, and he suggested that the government could require drugmakers to disclose prices in their ubiquitous television advertising.
But he dropped the popular and populist proposals of his presidential campaign, opting not to have the federal government directly negotiate lower drug prices for Medicare. And he chose not to allow American consumers to import low-cost medicines from abroad.
He would instead give private entities more tools to negotiate better deals on behalf of consumers, insurers and employers.
Speaking in the sun-splashed Rose Garden of the White House, Mr. Trump said that a “tangled web of special interests” had conspired to keep drug prices high at the expense of American consumers.
“Everyone involved in the broken system — the drugmakers, insurance companies, distributors, pharmacy benefit managers and many others — contribute to the problem,” Mr. Trump said. “Government has also been part of the problem because previous leaders turned a blind eye to this incredible abuse. But under this administration we are putting American patients first.”
His proposals hardly put a scare into the system he criticized.

Two Russian long-range bombers were intercepted off the coast of Alaska by a pair of F-22 Raptor fighter jets on Friday, the military said.
The Tu-95 bombers were flying in the Air Defense Identification Zone in the Bering Sea north of the Aleutian Islands, where they were visually identified and shadowed by the U.S. jets at 10 a.m., said Navy Capt. Scott Miller, a North American Aerospace Defense Command spokesman.
The bombers did not enter North American sovereign airspace, he said in a statement. Miller declined to say how close the bombers came to U.S. land. Fox News reported they flew as close as 55 miles off Alaska’s west coast.
Friday’s encounter was the first of its kind in just more than a year, Miller said. A similar incident occurred off Alaskan waters in April 2017 in what U.S. officials have described as routine if not tense encounters between adversarial aircraft where territorial lines meet.
The identification zone extends about 200 miles off the Alaskan coast and is mostly international airspace, Miller said, though Russian military activity will often prompt an in-kind response for U.S. warplanes. Intercepts in the zone occurred about 60 times from 2007 to 2017, the New York Times reported last year.

Oklahoma's Republican Governor Mary Fallin vetoed a bill that would have allowed adults to carry handguns without a permit and signed another that permits religious organizations to exclude same sex couples from adoptions, managing to anger both gun and gay rights groups on the same day.
The twin actions announced late Friday were among more than a dozen decisions on legislation taken by the term-limited governor as she clears the decks in her waning months in office.
They also followed a tumultuous session of the Legislature that saw striking teachers march on the Capitol, prompting lawmakers to raise taxes including on the state's powerful oil and gas industry, to fund increases in education spending.
Her veto of the gun bill dealt a rare blow to the National Rifle Association in a conservative state. But the proposal to authorize adults to carry firearms without a permit or training was opposed by law enforcement officials, who said it would weaken background checks and hurt public safety.
In a statement announcing her veto, Fallin stressed her support for the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms and noted she had signed concealed and open carry measures in the past.
"I believe the firearms laws we currently have in place are effective, appropriate and minimal," she said.

Asked about reports that Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen considered resigning, after President Trump berated her at a cabinet meeting, Robert Gates characterized President Trump's management style as "not the way I would deal with people."
The New York Times reported the president has grown increasingly angry with the Department of Homeland Security head, unloading Thursday in a "lengthy tirade" on Nielsen over a lack of progress on combating illegal immigration.
"That's not the way I think I ever did deal with people, and I did fire people, very senior people," the former CIA director and defense secretary told Margaret Brennan in an interview to air Sunday on "Face the Nation."
"I mean that's the way he is. That's the way he deals with people. I mean, let's just say I have a totally different style, but he is president of the United States," said Gates.
Brennan sat down with Gates for a wide-ranging interview on the campus of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, where he serves as the school's chancellor.
"Different presidents deal with the people that work with them in different ways, the first president I worked for, Lyndon Johnson, did a lot of yelling and swearing at his senior officials," Gates added later, "in his own way so did -- so did Richard Nixon."

Iraqis on Saturday voted in their first national election since the Islamic State’s occupation and eventual collapse upended the political and social order in the country, casting ballots that will help determine how Iraq’s next government leans in a region increasingly marked by fierce global rivalries.
Nearly 7,000 candidates, representing conservative, Islamist, liberal, secular, communist and military political streams, are vying for 329 seats in Iraq’s parliament and for the upper hand in electing the nation’s next prime minister and president.
The United States, Iran and Saudi Arabia will be watching closely. Over the past four years, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has maintained a delicate balance between Iran and the U.S. interests in his country while nourishing a reopening of political and economic ties with the Saudi monarchy.
Some of his chief opponents are closely aligned with Iran, setting up the possibility that Iraq could firmly place itself in Tehran’s camp at a time when Washington and Riyadh have dramatically stepped-up their isolation of Iran. Last week, Iraqi politicians said they were concerned that the Trump administration cancellation of the Iran nuclear deal could push Iran to impose itself more forcefully in Iraq.
But in Iraq’s polling places, voters said their concerns are confined to their neighborhoods, towns and cities: They spoke of needing jobs, security and an opportunity to experience long stretches of stability without the spasms of violence and sectarian hatred that they have endured for 15 years after the U.S. invasion in 2003.

President Trump has been telling friendly audiences that he is proudly fulfilling a campaign promise with the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem, and that his real estate savvy is already saving the taxpayers a buck on the new location.
A campaign rally crowd gave Trump lengthy applause when he said the new embassy will open Monday, and on the cheap.
“I said, ‘how much?,’ something other presidents don’t ask. They said, ‘sir, $1 billion dollars,’” Trump said in theatrical disbelief.
“For $150,000 I could fix it. It’ll be beautiful,” Trump said at the rally Thursday in Elkhart, Ind.
The president said nothing about another campaign promise to seek a peace accord between Israel and the Palestinians, or the fact that meeting the first promise has, at least for now, foreclosed a chance for the second.
A regional peace initiative led by presidential adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner has been shelved because of Palestinian anger over the shift in decades of U.S. policy regarding the embassy, which held that Jerusalem’s disputed status was an issue to be resolved through negotiations.
Keeping the U.S. embassy an hour away in Tel Aviv was a signal that the United States would not prejudge competing Israeli and Palestinian claims to land and sites in the holy city.

President Trump's decision to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal has sent shock waves rolling through the region and amplified widespread public anger. After Friday Prayers in Tehran, the hardliners hit the streets, reports CBS News' Elizabeth Palmer.
Noisy demonstrations have become tired old routine by now – designed by a regime that wants to deflect the people's anger toward America and not on the very serious problems brewing at home. No regime loyalists would dare say it, especially to an American reporter, but Iranians are furious with their own government's failure to deliver basics like electricity, water and decent wages.  
In January, grassroots protests spread like wildfire and for the first time, angry crowds burned pictures of the previously untouchable supreme leader.  
President Trump's decision to pull out of the nuclear deal and Iran's missile exchanges with Israel are just ramping up the pressure in a country that's already dangerously close to boiling point.
Iran says as far as it's concerned the nuclear deal is not yet dead. Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif sets off on Saturday for talks in China, Russia and Europe to see what can be salvaged.

Police on Saturday raided a deluxe Kuala Lumpur apartment block at which relatives of ousted Prime Minister Najib Razak had been staying as they searched for sensitive documents the new government fears may be taken out of the country, two senior police officers said.
The swoop came as Malaysia’s new Prime Minister, Mahathir Mohamad, said he had stopped his predecessor from leaving the country because of suspected wrongdoing in connection with a multi-billion-dollar scandal at state fund 1MDB.
Police said they were acting after a complaint that a government vehicle had delivered dozens of boxes made to carry designer handbags and other items to the apartment for Najib’s wife, Rosmah Mansor.
Public disgust over alleged corruption was widely seen as one of the reasons behind the unexpected defeat of Najib’s long-ruling Barisan Nasional coalition in Wednesday’s general election.
Najib has consistently denied any wrongdoing.
A spokesman for Najib could not be immediately reached for comment. Reuters was unable to reach Najib himself, his wife, or other family members and close associates on Saturday night.
Reuters saw about 20 police officers enter the marble-floored lobby of the Pavilion Residences apartment block in the Malaysian capital, just as Mahathir was holding a news conference to announce key members of his cabinet.

The Kilauea volcano on Hawaii’s Big Island unleashed havoc when the earth split open, lava spewed hundreds of feet into the air and molten rock swallowed streets in a residential neighborhood.
In the days since the eruptions began, 1,700 people have been evacuated, and many homes have been consumed by fire.
The fissures have cut a swath across the Leilani Estates subdivision.
Since eruptions in the Leilani Estates neighborhood began on May 3, the flows of lava have destroyed 36 structures as of Friday — at least 26 of them homes — and covered 117 acres. The fissures across the neighborhood have also been emitting dangerous sulfur dioxide gases, local authorities said.
About 25 miles away from the neighborhood, the island is on alert for the possibility of a explosive eruption in coming days or weeks at Kilauea volcano’s summit, which could launch 10- to 12-ton boulders within a half-mile radius.
As of Friday, 15 separate fissures have opened up in the Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens area. No deaths or injuries have been recorded so far.

President Donald Trump is the literal “Don” of the White House, according to Bill Maher.
“People call this presidency a reality show; it’s more like a Scorsese movie,” the Real Time host said on Friday night. “Everything Trump does is modeled on the mob. When he was accused of sexual harassment, he brought in Bill Clinton’s accusers to sit in the gallery at the debate, just like Michael Corleone brought Frank Pentangeli’s brother into court [in The Godfather Part II].”
The comparisons kept coming in Maher’s “New Rule” segment. He claimed Trump uses the White House as his “legitimate front business” to “enrich the family.”
“Here’s my theory,” the host said, addressing the “Heartland” voters. “You didn’t like it that the country had been ‘taken over’ by liberals and feminists and elites. Whatever. So you were feeling vulnerable and disrespected, so you brought in some muscle from the East Coast for protection and now you’re married to the mob.”
Trump is New York City’s most “toxic trash,” who brought in “what the Heartland used to call assholes,” Maher jabbed. The comedian was referring to the likes of Eric Trump, Rudy Guiliani, Michel Cohen, Anthony “The Mooch” Scaramucci, and Steven Mnuchin.
“Who does Trump surround himself with? Disposable lawyers and idiot members of his own family,” he said. “Who’s his worst enemy? The FBI. Where does his money come from? He’s in construction. Forget about it!”
