
The sound of eruptions from Hawaii's Kilauea volcano rang through the air as Leilani Abaya gathered her belongings to flee the volcanic activity and lava that has destroyed more than two dozen homes.
"We had trash bags and we were just, you know, literally grabbing anything and everything that was the most important to us at that time," Abaya, a mother of two, said Wednesday. She has lived in Leilani Estates on Hawaii's Big Island for about six months and joined nearly 2,000 others who have been ordered to evacuate.
"There was a few times while we were down there where the sounds coming from the eruption was so enormous that it just stopped all of us that was there in our tracks," she said.
The erupting Kilauea volcano has been spewing lava for more than a week, and the island suffered a series of earthquakes that included a strong 6.9-magnitude temblor on May 4. A total of 36 structures, at least 27 of which were homes, have been destroyed, officials said.
President Donald Trump on Friday approved a major disaster declaration ordering federal assistance to be provided for recovery efforts. Hawaii Gov. David Ige said the help would go toward public facilities such as roads, public parks, schools and water pipes damaged in the eruption or earthquakes.
Lava from the volcano, which has been erupting since 1983, has reshaped the landscape, adding more than 443 acres of land to Kilauea's southeastern shore as of the end of 2016, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.

The knife-wielding attacker who went on a stabbing rampage in Paris, killing one person and wounding four more, was born in Russia's Chechnya region, a judicial source said.
The attacker was shot dead by police after stabbing five people in a popular tourist district near the Paris opera house Saturday night, when sidewalks and restaurants are filled with people.
During the attack, he yelled the Arabic phrase "Allahu Akbar," meaning "God is great," city prosecutor François Molins told reporters at the scene.
He was on a police anti-terror watch list of people suspected of having radicalized views and posing a potential security risk, though had no criminal record, the judicial source said.
The attacker's mother and father are in police custody for questioning.

Suicide bombers attacked three Christian churches in Muslim-majority Indonesia on Sunday morning, killing at least 10 people and injuring dozens more, police say.
ISIS's media wing claimed responsibility for the attacks, which took place in Surabaya, a port city on the east coast of Java Island.
In a statement published online, ISIS's Amaq News Agency said at least 11 people were killed and 41 injured, describing them as "martyrdom attacks."
The group has not provided any proof to substantiate the claim, nor have any authorities or security sources yet verified its authenticity.
Forty-one people -- including two police officers -- were hospitalized with injuries, police spokesman Frans Barung Mangera said.
Sunday's explosions targeted the Santa Maria Catholic Church, the Indonesian Christian Church and the Pentecost Central Church. The Catholic explosion killed four people and two people were killed at each of the other two churches, the spokesman said. Two people later died at a hospital.
The Catholic church blast was the first one, and occurred at 7.30 a.m. local time Sunday (8.30 p.m. Saturday ET), before blasts at 7.35 a.m. and 8 a.m., state-run news agency Antara quoted him as saying.
Police have closed off all three locations as they investigate.

Sen. Lindsey Graham urged the White House on Saturday to declare a joke by a communications staffer about Sen. John McCain dying as out of bounds and suggested President Donald Trump consider getting involved.
"If it was a joke, it was a terrible joke. I just wish somebody from the White House would tell the country that was inappropriate, that's not who we are in the Trump administration," Graham (R-S.C.) told "Face the Nation" moderator Margaret Brennan in an interview set to air Sunday.
Graham said his longtime friend McCain (R-Ariz.) is not above criticisms of his past votes, but added that the former Vietnam prisoner of war is an "American hero." As to whether Trump should apologize on behalf of the White House, Graham said that's up to the president.
"I'll leave that up to him, but if something happened like that in my office — somebody in my office said such a, such a thing about somebody, I would apologize on behalf of the office," Graham said.
Then presidential candidate Trump said in July 2015 that McCain was not a war hero, adding "I like people who weren’t captured.” McCain was further scorned by the president after casting the decisive vote when the Senate rejected a White House-backed push to dismantle Obamacare in July 2017.

North Korea said Saturday that it will dismantle its nuclear test site in less than two weeks, in a dramatic event that would set up leader Kim Jong Un’s summit with President Donald Trump next month. Trump welcomed the “gracious gesture.”
In a statement carried by state media, North Korea’s Foreign Ministry said all of the tunnels at the country’s northeastern testing ground will be destroyed by explosion, and observation and research facilities and ground-based guard units will also be removed.
Kim had already revealed plans to shut the test site by the end of May during his summit with South Korean President Moon Jae-in last month. Analysts say that while the closure of the site is important, it doesn’t represent a material step toward full denuclearization.
“A ceremony for dismantling the nuclear test ground is now scheduled between May 23 and 25,” depending on weather, the Foreign Ministry’s statement said, adding that journalists from the United States, South Korea, China, Russia and Britain will be invited to witness the dismantling.
The ministry said the North will continue to “promote close contacts and dialogue with the neighboring countries and the international society so as to safeguard peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and over the globe.”

Monday’s opening of the U.S. Embassy in contested Jerusalem, cheered by Israelis as a historic validation, is seen by Palestinians as an in-your-face affirmation of pro-Israel bias by President Donald Trump and a new blow to dreams of statehood.
The festive inauguration helps harden Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas’ rejection of Washington as a future mediator in the conflict with Israel, likely ushering in a prolonged period of diplomatic vacuum in which other powers are unwilling or unable to step up as brokers.
Such paralysis and loss of hope have been major drivers of Palestinian unrest.
Underscoring the conflict’s volatility, thousands of Gaza residents plan to march Monday toward Israel’s border and possibly breach it in an attempt to break a decade-old blockade of their territory. Israel has vowed to stop any breach by force, raising the possibility of major bloodshed at a time when Trump’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner preside over the embassy ceremony just 70 kilometers (45 miles) away.
Tel Aviv is the customary base for foreign embassies in Israel, with the U.S. and other countries having avoided Jerusalem because of its contested status. Over the years, a few countries set up embassies in Jerusalem and then left it again. From 2006 until this week, the city didn’t host a single foreign embassy.

China launched its first domestically built aircraft carrier to begin sea trials on Sunday, reaching another milestone in the expansion of the country’s navy.
The aircraft carrier, as yet unnamed, left its berth at a shipyard in the northeastern port of Dalian after a blow of its horn and a display of fireworks, according to reports in state news media.
The Chinese Navy — officially the People’s Liberation Army Navy — already has one operational carrier, the Liaoning, which it bought unfinished from Ukraine after the collapse of the Soviet Union. That ship joined the Chinese fleet in 2012 and began its first operations four years later, putting China in the small group of seafaring powers that maintain aircraft carriers, led by the United States, which has 11.
The Liaoning, which appears to serve as a training vessel as much as a combat ship, was the centerpiece of a naval parade of 48 ships attended last month by China’s leader, Xi Jinping. The following week, it led a carrier battle group in live-fire exercises in the Taiwan Strait and in the East China Sea.
Since taking office, Mr. Xi has driven an ambitious effort to modernize the country’s military, reducing the traditional focus on readying the ground forces of the People’s Liberation Army to defend against an invasion of the mainland and increasing the emphasis on technology-dependent naval, air and missile forces.

The father of four children found shot dead along with their mother in rural Western Australia has pointed the finger of blame at their grandfather.
Aaron Cockman said he believed that Peter Miles, 61, had not "snapped" but had been "thinking this through for a long time".
The bodies of Miles, his wife Cynda, daughter Katrina and four grandchildren were found in Osmington on Friday.
Police have said they are not looking for any other suspects.
They have not confirmed the identity of the killer but say they believe him to be among the dead.
Three long firearms found at the property were licensed to Mr Miles, they say.
Mr Cockman was estranged from Katrina Miles at the time of the killings.
He told reporters he did not feel angry about what had happened, just "tremendous sadness for my kids. I don't want anyone to feel angry".

Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi’s list appears to be leading in Iraq’s parliamentary election, followed by influential Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr’s alliance, an election commission source and a security official told Reuters on Sunday.
The sources cited unofficial initial results.
Iraqis voted on Saturday in the first election since the defeat of Islamic State militants inside the country. Final results are expected on Monday.
Turnout was 44.52 percent with 92 percent of votes counted, the Independent High Electoral Commission said — significantly lower than in previous elections. Results are due to be officially announced on Monday.
Abadi, a rare ally of both the United States and Iran, was mainly concerned with fending off Shi’ite Muslim groups other than Sadr’s alliance, which are seeking to pull the country closer to Tehran.
Those rivals were his predecessor as prime minister, Nuri al-Maliki, and the leader of the main Shi’ite paramilitary group, Hadi al-Amiri, both closer than he is to Iran, which has wide sway in Iraq as the primary Shi’ite power in the region.
Unofficial results compiled by Reuters reporters in southern provinces also indicated that Sadr, a firebrand cleric who led a violent uprising against U.S. troops from 2003-2011, appeared to be making a strong showing.

On May 25, citizens of Ireland will vote on whether to repeal the 1983 constitutional amendment recognizing the equal right to life of the unborn and banning abortion in all cases except the health of the mother, including potential suicide.
The referendum in the predominantly Roman Catholic country will be among the first tests of new policies by Facebook and Google to address concerns about election meddling raised by the Cambridge Analytica data scandal.
The man who called the DotCom crash, the housing boom & bust, and market's surge since '09 warns of a new panic ahead. Click here to find out more.
This month, Facebook announced it will block ads on the referendum that do not originate from advertisers in Ireland. CEO Mark Zuckerberg is vowing to have tighter restrictions on data that can influence politics.
A day after Facebook’s announcement, Google said it would suspend all ads related to the referendum until after the vote.
“Following our update around election integrity efforts globally, we have decided to pause all ads related to the Irish referendum on the Eighth Amendment,” Google said in a statement.
“Following our update around election integrity efforts globally, we have decided to pause all ads related to the Irish referendum on the Eighth Amendment.”
Ireland is one of the few developed Western nations to have strict anti-abortion laws.
Supporters of the repeal effort say the wording of the amendment does not allow lawmakers to grant exceptions in cases of rape or other circumstances. They argue that only by repealing this amendment can reasonable laws be made.
Pro-life groups say that if repealed, “there will be no laws to protect the unborn at all.”

The authorities in Pakistan barred an American diplomat involved in a fatal traffic accident from leaving the country on Saturday and briefly detained him for questioning, according to a senior Pakistani intelligence official.
A United States military aircraft flown in to bring home Col. Joseph Emanuel Hall, a U.S. military attaché, had to leave without him, the intelligence official said.
Pakistan’s Interior Ministry said Mr. Joseph is on a “blacklist” and is not allowed to leave because of the criminal case pending against him.
Colonel Hall is accused of involvement in a road accident in which his car ran a red light and killed a motorcyclist named Ateeq Baig in the capital, Islamabad, on April 7. Pakistan officials have demanded the United States waive his diplomatic immunity so that he can face a criminal trial, but American officials have refused.
On Friday, Islamabad’s High Court, noting that Colonel Hall did not have full diplomatic immunity, left it up to the government to decide whether to add his name to a travel ban list. Also on Friday, Pakistan placed travel restrictions on United States diplomats based in the country, the latest in a series of retaliatory measures that threaten to plunge already strained relations to their worst level in years.

A New York City music teacher who went missing about a week ago was found dead Saturday in a wooded area in upstate New York near a hiking trail, police said.  
The body of Keith Johnson, 46, of Queens, was found in a wooded area in Shandaken, a town in Ulster County, police said, adding that the investigation is ongoing. A law enforcement official told Fox News on Sunday that his death did not appear overtly suspicious, and he might have died of natural causes.
Shandaken Police Department did not immediately return Fox News’ request for comment.
Johnson was reported missing after family, friends and colleagues didn’t hear from the teacher for days. He was seen on May 4 around 2:20 p.m. at P.S. 29 Queens School, where he worked in College Point, police said. Johnson’s car, a 2006 Hyundai Elantra, was spotted the next day driving over the outbound lanes of Throgs Neck Bridge around 10:30 a.m.
Family members told CBSNewYork it was unusual not to hear from Johnson for days. Johnson, who is an avid hiker, also did not have a known history of drug abuse or mental illness.
“He’s highly responsible, highly loved by his students,” Johnson’s friend Brian Kastan said. “He loves his students, he’s a great guy and that’s why people are looking for him.”
