
Add Randall Stephenson, the telecom giant’s C.E.O., as another corporate chieftain who regretted getting involved with President Trump’s personal lawyer.
Mr. Stephenson sent out a memo to employees about the company’s $600,000 contract with Essential Consultants, the shell company that Mr. Cohen had created (and which was also used to pay $130,000 to Stormy Daniels).
In the memo, the AT&T C.E.O. said, “There is no other way to say it – AT&T hiring Michael Cohen as a political consultant was a big mistake,” though he added that the company followed the law.
Yet it also said that its legislative affairs team would now report to the telecom’s general counsel, David McAtee. The team’s senior executive vice president, Bob Quinn, will be “retiring.”

The Quds Force, a special forces unit of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards, was behind the rocket attack against Israel on Wednesday night. The Quds Force, commanded by Maj. Gen. Qasem Soleimani, is responsible for all of Iran’s military activities – secret and public – outside of Iran’s borders.
The Quds Force is also in charge of relations with Islamic and non-state military and terrorist organizations recruited by Iran. These groups serve as Iran’s arm in countries where it is trying to export its Islamic revolution or as proxies in the conflicts in those countries. The Iranians support these militias mostly through providing weapons, funds and protection for the groups.
In 1998, Soleimani replaced Ahmad Vahidi, who was appointed in 1988, as commander of the Quds Force and who later served as Iran’s defense minister. Soleimani is considered to be a protégé of Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Soleimani’s power is so great that even though he is blacklisted by most Western nations, he still is able to meet with world leaders. It was reported that he has met with Russian President Vladimir Putin and his foreign minister.
 Soleimani is the most senior Iranian officer active outside of the country and is responsible for setting up militias and cooperation with the likes of Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Houthis in Yemen, militias in Iraq, and Hamas in the Gaza Strip. In Gaza, among others, Soleimani was also been behind the Karine A, a ship filled with weapons meant for Hamas that was seized by the Israeli Navy ion 2002.

A suspect is in custody after authorities responded to reports of shots fired and a man with a gun at a Southern California high school Friday morning, a Los Angeles County fire official said.
Authorities were called to Highland High School in Palmdale at about 7:05 a.m. PT, according to Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputy Charles Moore.
The Palmdale Fire Department told CNN it had received reports of shots fired.
The suspect, a male, was apprehended near a Vons grocery store in Palmdale, the Los Angeles County fire official said. Details about whether anyone was injured weren't immediately available.
Ricky Munoz, 23, says he dropped his two younger brothers and a friend off at the high school around that time.
"About a minute later, I get a call from them saying there were gunshots" and they asked to be picked up, Munoz said.
One of the brothers, 16, told Munoz he heard one gunshot, and that students were running.
Highland High student Katharina Smith, 16, said she was driving to the school when she saw "a ton of police racing toward school."
"There were some kids running from the school, and security and sheriff were telling people to go home," she said.
The school's principal posted a message on Twitter, urging people to stay away from the campus.

President Trump berated Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen in a dispiriting Cabinet meeting on immigration Wednesday, according to three administration officials, but her colleagues denied reports that she has threatened to quit.
Trump lashed out at his Cabinet, and Nielsen in particular, when told that the number of people arrested for illegally crossing the Mexico border topped 50,000 for the second consecutive month. The blowup lasted more than 30 minutes, according to a person with knowledge of what transpired, as Trump’s face reddened and he raised his voice, saying Nielsen needed to “close down” the border. 
“Why don’t you have solutions? How is this still happening?” he said, adding later, “We need to shut it down. We’re closed.”
Administration officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to provide a candid account of the private meeting.
Trump’s tirade went on so long that many present began fidgeting in their seats and flashing grimaces, White House aides said. Eventually, the topic moved on to health care, bringing relief to many in the room. 
Trump’s outburst at Nielsen was first reported Thursday by the New York Times.
The president’s eruption was witnessed by Cabinet members plus a number of senior White House officials — including counselor Kellyanne Conway, advisers Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, immigration adviser Stephen Miller and chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow.

A White House official mocked Sen. John McCain’s brain cancer diagnosis at an internal meeting on Thursday, a day after the Arizona Republican announced his opposition to President Trump’s nominee for CIA director, Gina Haspel.
Special assistant Kelly Sadler made the derisive comments during a closed-door White House meeting of about two-dozen communications staffers on Thursday morning.
“It doesn’t matter, he’s dying anyway,” Sadler said, according to a source familiar with the remarks at the meeting.
The White House did not deny the account of Sadler’s remarks, which came amid a discussion of Haspel’s nomination and McCain’s opposition to it.
“We respect Senator McCain’s service to our nation and he and his family are in our prayers during this difficult time,” the White House said in a statement to The Hill.
Sadler did not respond to a request for comment and the White House did not make her available to The Hill. A source later told The Hill that Sadler called the senator's daughter Meghan McCain to apologize.

An Australian community is reeling from the deadliest mass shooting the country has seen in more than 20 years, after seven people, including four children, were discovered dead on a rural property near Margaret River.
Authorities in Western Australia responded early Friday morning to a home in Osmington, not far from Perth, where the four children and three adults were found dead from gunshot wounds, according to local news reports.
The mass shooting has rattled Australia, where lawmakers passed some of the world's most restrictive gun-control laws after a 1996 massacre in Tasmania.
“'Shocking' is about the only word,” resident Felicity Haynes told 9 News Australia. “I just feel sick to the stomach. That couldn't happen here.”
Western Australia police commissioner Chris Dawson said at a news conference that officers responded to the scene about 5:15 a.m. and discovered the seven bodies; two adults were outside, and five other victims were inside the home in Osmington, a small town nestled in Western Australia's southwest corner.
Police said two firearms were also found at the scene.
Although police said that they are not searching for a suspect, they would not confirm reports that the incident was likely a murder-suicide. Dawson said he could describe it only as a “horrific incident.”

The United States Embassy in Jerusalem is set to open with great fanfare on Monday, but the American ambassador to Israel will not yet work permanently out of his new office there, administration officials said Friday, and instead will split his time between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
That solution might be practical, given that there is little spare space in the Jerusalem building, and most of the embassy staff will be remaining in the Tel Aviv branch of the embassy for the time being. But it may also help get around any diplomatic awkwardness, allowing the ambassador, David M. Friedman, to continue to host officials whose countries oppose the American embassy move.
President Trump, who fulfilled a campaign promise by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel’s capital last year, will not attend the opening but will address the event by video. The embassy move goes against an international consensus that it prejudges the outcome of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations over the future status of the contested city.
The planned opening comes at a time when Israel and Iran have launched attacks against each other as Iran maintains a foothold in Syria. Iran fired rockets at Israel shortly after Mr. Trump announced on Tuesday that the United States would pull out of the Obama-era nuclear agreement with Tehran.
Critics have said the American embassy move will isolate Israel in the region. But the Trump administration disputes that, pointing to comments on Thursday from the foreign minister of Bahrain, Sheikh Khalid bin Ahmed al-Khalifa, who tweeted in support of Israel and said it had the right to defend itself against Iranian aggression.

President Vladimir Putin will meet Yukiya Amano, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the Russian Black Sea city of Sochi on Monday to discuss the U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, a Kremlin aide said on Friday.
Yuri Ushakov, the Kremlin aide, added that Moscow was working closely with Tehran to prevent it from leaving the deal, which it sees as vital for global stability.
"We really hope this won't happen. Honestly, we are working with Iran in favor of it not leaving," Ushakov said.

A wave measuring nearly 80 feet tall was recorded by a buoy in a remote area off New Zealand’s Campbell Island, in the Antarctic Ocean on Tuesday.
A storm’s deep low pressure system and 65-knot winds fueled the 78-foot wave, Dr. Tom Durrant, a senior oceanographer with the Meteorological Service of New Zealand, told the BBC.
"This is a very exciting event and to our knowledge it is largest wave ever recorded in the southern hemisphere," he told the outlet.
The country installed a solar-powered buoy in March to measure wave height. The buoy can only operate for 20 minutes every three hours, the Australian Broadcasting Corp. reported.
The minimal recording time could mean it was “very probable” even greater waves occurred during the storm, Durrant said. Storm conditions forecast heights possibly larger than 82 feet just north of the buoy location.
"Essentially the peak of the waves could stay under the storms for quite a long period of time, and that's what allowed them to grow so rapidly," Durrant told 9 News Australia.
The mammoth wave surpassed a 72-foot wave documented in 2012 south of Tasmania, located off Australia’s southern coast, the BBC reported.
Larger waves have been recorded in the northern hemisphere, according to the outlet.

It's been one week since the start of new eruptions at Kilauea's east rift zone that destroyed dozens of homes and prompted the evacuations of thousands, but scientists say there's no telling when the volcanic activity will end.
"The 1955 and 1960 eruptions in that similar area last between 36 and 88 days, so that gives you a sense of the bounds of what is plausible," said Tina Neal, USGS scientist-in-charge at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory. "We could see more dramatic lava fountaining."
Neal added that despite the pause in activity in Puna on Thursday, magma appears to still be moving downrift beneath Leilani Estates and farther into the lower east rift zone and that additional outbreaks of lava are expected.
Geologists closely monitoring the situation say more breakouts of lava are likely based off of seismic activity. There were at least 30 tremors between 6 p.m. Thursday and 5 a.m. Friday. The strongest was measured at a magnitude of 3.2
"Earthquake activity, ground deformation, and continuing high emission rates of sulphur dioxide indicate additional outbreaks of lava are likely. The location of future outbreaks is not known with certainty, but could include areas both uprift (southwest) and downrift (northeast) of the existing fissures, or resumption of activity at existing fissures," officials said in an update.
Scientists also say the activity was concentrated just northeast of fissure 15 at Pohoiki Road, indicating that the intrusion is migrating further to the northeast. Steaming ground cracks in the vicinity of Highway 130 continue. 

Liam has bumped Noah as the top name for America’s boys, while Emma hangs on for the fourth straight year as the girls’ favorite.
The Social Security Administration on Friday morning released its list of names given to U.S. babies in 2017.
Michael fell out of the top 10 for the first time since World War II.  Emily also is out of the top 10, a status it had held since 1990.
New in the top 10 are Amelia, Evelyn, Logan and Oliver.
Ensley was the fastest riser on the girls’ list, moving 1,461 spots to number 965, from number 2,426 in 2016. On the boys’ list, Wells jumped from number 1,419 to 915, likely getting a boost from a particular contestant on  “The Bachelorette.”

Former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin admitted that hearing Senator John McCain’s regrets about appointing her as his running mate in 2008 felt "like a perpetual gut-punch."
In McCain’s new book, The Restless Wave, the 81-year-old senator said he was wrong not to choose former Senator Joseph Lieberman to be his vice presidential candidate a decade ago.
After hearing about the remarks, Palin told the Daily Mail, "That’s not what Senator McCain has told me all these years, as he's apologized to me repeatedly for the people who ran his campaign.
Former Alaska Governor and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and U.S. Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) attend a campaign rally for McCain at Dobson High School in Mesa, Arizona, on March 27, 2010. Palin recently admitted that hearing McCain's regrets about appointing her as his running mate in 2008 felt "like a perpetual gut-punch."
“It's not a real fun thing that part of my job is the requirement—is having to read the news every day,” Palin continued.
Palin said she would need to hear all the remarks and criticisms from McCain himself before jumping to any conclusions.
"I attribute a lot of what we're hearing and reading regarding McCain's statements to his ghostwriter or ghostwriters,” she said. “I don't know all the details of his condition right now. It happens to me also where people speak for me and a bell is rung, and you can't un-ring the bell.
