
President Trump’s financial disclosure, released on Wednesday, revealed for the first time that he paid more than $100,000 to his personal attorney, Michael D. Cohen, as reimbursement for payment to a third-party.
The disclosure, released by the Office of Government Ethics, did not specify the purpose of the payment. However, Mr. Cohen has paid $130,000 to an adult film actress, Stephanie Clifford, who has claimed she had an affair with Mr. Trump.
Mr. Cohen has said he made the payment to keep the actress, who goes by the stage name Stormy Daniels, from going public before the 2016 election with her story about an affair with Mr. Trump.
A footnote in the disclosure said that Mr. Cohen had requested reimbursement of the expenses incurred in 2016 and Mr. Trump had repaid it in full in 2017. It did not give an exact amount of the payment but said it was between $100,001 and $250,000.
Mr. Trump’s attorney, Rudolph W. Giuliani, had said previously that Mr. Cohen was paid $460,000 or $470,000 from Mr. Trump, which also included money for “incidental expenses” that he had incurred on Mr. Trump’s behalf.
Mr. Trump’s disclosure of the 2016 payment to Mr. Cohen raises the question of whether he erred in not reporting the debt on last year’s disclosure form. The document released Wednesday said that Mr. Trump was reporting the repaid debt “in the interest of transparency” but that it was “not required to be disclosed as reportable liabilities.”

The Senate Judiciary Committee released 2,500 pages of congressional testimony on Wednesday. The trove of information provides a new window into that ill-fated June 2016 Trump Tower meeting before which Donald Trump Jr. was promised damaging Russian government information about Hillary Clinton — from Natalia Veselnitskaya, who turned out to be a Kremlin-connected lawyer.
The episode has been a centerpiece of special counsel Robert S. Mueller III's investigation of whether there was any collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. And now we know much more about what the people who were there said under oath about it.
One line from Trump Jr.'s email exchange with a publicist for a Russian musician stood out: “I love it.” Publicist Rob Goldstone had said his source could provide “official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia" and said the information came from Russia's "crown prosecutor" -- a position which doesn't exist but is roughly equivalent to attorney general in Goldstone's native Britain.
Trump Jr.'s response: “Seems we have some time and if it’s what you say I love it especially later in the summer.”
In his testimony to Congress, Trump Jr. confirmed that he was talking about the opposition research when he said “I love it.”

If you’re serious about peace and denuclearization, maybe don’t mention Libya. That appears to be the message North Korea had for the United States on Wednesday when Pyongyang postponed talks with South Korea and threatened to cancel the June 12 summit between Kim Jong Un and President Trump.
Apart from the ongoing U.S.-South Korean air force drills, North Korea appeared especially dismayed by suggestions from U.S. national security adviser John Bolton that a Libya-style solution could work with North Korea.
“High-ranking officials of the White House and the Department of State including Bolton, White House national security adviser, are letting loose the assertions of a so-called Libya model of nuclear abandonment,” North Korea said in a statement.
The world, North Korea went on to say, “knows too well that our country is neither Libya nor Iraq which met miserable fates.” (Former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was hanged in 2006, and Libya’s Moammar Gaddafi was captured and killed by rebel forces in 2011.)
North Korea appears to have taken offense to Bolton’s suggestion in late April that Libya could serve as a model for persuading North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons program. He has not implied, publicly at least, that the “Libya model” would include regime change in North Korea. Instead, he emphasized in an interview with CBS the need to build trust and verify any denuclearization efforts.

A suspect was injured during a gunfire exchange with a police officer after he opened fire at an Illinois school Wednesday morning.
A heroic Illinois police officer prevented what could've been a bloody attack at Dixon High School after he confronted a former student who opened fire in the hallways as seniors rehearsed for their upcoming graduation in the gymnasium nearby.
The 19-year-old suspect, who authorities did not identify, took off running when Officer Mark Dallas approached him shortly after he loosed several rounds in the school Wednesday morning. Dallas chased him outside, where the gunman continued to shoot at the school resource officer, officials said during a press conference.
"With shots ringing out in the hallways of the school, he charged toward the suspect and confronted him head on," Dixon Police Chief Steve Howell said. "We are forever indebted to his courage and bravery."
Dallas shot and injured the former student during the flurry of gunfire, "saving enormous amounts of lives," Lee County Sheriff John Simonton added.
The teen was taken into custody near the school and is currently receiving medical treatment. His injuries do not appear to be life-threatening.
"Certainly it is a horrific event that took place today, but it could have been a lot worse," Simonton said.  
No one else was injured in the violent confrontation, officials said.

A violent spring storm that killed at least five people in the northeastern United States downed trees and power lines, leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power on Wednesday.
By daybreak, more than 370,000 residents were without power in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania, down from more than 600,000 on Tuesday night.
Amtrak and most local commuter railroads in the New York metropolitan area said their services were back to normal on Wednesday. Some schools canceled classes or delayed their openings.
The line of strong thunderstorms with wind gusts of 50 to 80 miles per hour (80 to 129 kilometers per hour) sped eastward across the region Tuesday evening, causing local flooding, scattering debris and dropping hail as large as tennis balls.
Falling trees killed an 11-year-old girl and a woman in separate incidents in Newburgh, New York, police said. Falling trees also killed two people in Connecticut in separate incidents, as well as a person in Pennsylvania, local media reported.
Local news showed footage of trees resting on top of crushed cars and houses, and vehicles submerged in water.
There were more than 100 reports of hail in states including Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York and Connecticut, the National Weather Service said.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency in several counties in southeast New York and deployed members of the New York National Guard to assist with the recovery.

Michigan State has agreed to pay $500 million to settle lawsuits filed by 332 alleged victims of disgraced former sports physician Larry Nassar, both sides announced Wednesday, ending the university’s involvement in litigation over the former Olympic gymnastics doctor’s rampant sexual abuse of girls and women under the guise of medical treatment.
“This historic settlement came about through the bravery of more than 300 women and girls who had the courage to stand up and refuse to be silenced,” said John Manly, one of several attorneys representing victims, in a statement. “It is the sincere hope of all of the survivors that the legacy of this settlement will be far reaching institutional reform that will end the threat of sexual assault in sports, schools and throughout our society.”
Nassar, 54, is serving an effective life sentence in prison after pleading guilty to assaulting nine girls and women in Michigan, as well as to federal child pornography crimes. At this sentencing hearing in January, the emotional testimony of more than 150 girls, women and parents triggered national outrage about the Nassar case, prompting fallout that continues for the organizations through which Nassar accessed his victims.
The settlement will pay $425 million to the 332 girls and women who have come forward to date, averaging about $1.28 million per victim. Michigan State will set aside an additional $75 million in a trust fund for any victims who come forward in the future.

Anwar Ibrahim, the standard-bearer of Malaysia’s reform movement, was released from prison and granted a royal pardon Wednesday in one of the most dramatic developments since an opposition alliance scored a stunning win in national elections last week.
Anwar, 70, was convicted in 2015 of sodomy in a case that he maintained was trumped up to crush his opposition movement. Supporters chanted “Reformasi” (Reform) as he walked free before being whisked to the royal palace to meet the king, news agencies reported.
His release reunites him with a man who was once his ally and mentor, then his bitter enemy, and is now his ally again: Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, 92, who returned to power last week at the head of the opposition alliance.
Anwar served as Mahathir’s deputy and finance minister in the 1990s before falling out with him during the Asian financial crisis, being sacked from the government and forming the Reformasi movement.
Within weeks, Mahathir had him jailed on charges of sodomy and corruption. A second jail term followed in 2015 under Prime Minister Najib Razak, who lost last week’s election and faces a corruption investigation.

Guatemala festively opened its new embassy in Jerusalem on Wednesday, becoming the second country to do so after the United States, and giving Israel a diplomatic boost as it faces international criticism for the deadly violence on the Gaza border.
Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales dedicated the embassy just two days after a high-powered American delegation also marked the transfer of its embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it was fitting since Guatemala also followed the U.S. to be the second country to recognize Israel 70 years ago.
“You were always among the first,” he said at the ceremony. “We remember our friends and Guatemala is our friend, then and now.”
President Donald Trump announced his decision in December to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and move the American embassy there, triggering a joyous reaction from Netanyahu’s government.
Israel has always claimed Jerusalem as its capital yet most countries opted to place their embassies in coastal Tel Aviv because of the holy city’s contested status. Israel captured east Jerusalem in the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed it in a move not recognized internationally. The Palestinians want east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and view the relocation of the embassy as a one-sided move that invalidates the U.S. as a Mideast peace broker.

Even by the stressed standards of relations between Europe and the United States in the Trump era, European Council President Donald Tusk’s Wednesday criticisms were unusually cutting.
At the outset of a summit of European leaders whose agenda items, point by point, have to do with the flames of crises that many Europeans see as ignited by President Trump, Tusk ripped into what he called “the capricious assertiveness of the American administration” over issues including Iran, Gaza, trade tariffs and North Korea.
In comments to reporters and a subsequent tweet, he suggested the White House had lost touch with reality. He said Europe didn’t need enemies when it had friends like the United States. And he exhorted European leaders not to be reliant on Washington.
Just 16 months ago, such comments would have been unimaginable coming from an E.U. leader, whose continent modeled itself on the U.S. image in the aftermath of World War II. But Europeans are increasingly exasperated by the way Trump is steering U.S. policy, objecting not only to his stances but also to what they say is erratic policymaking that switches on the whim of Fox News programmers. The shifting desires make it nearly impossible to negotiate with the White House, many diplomats say, because they cannot strike a bargain to get close to what Trump wants when he doesn’t know it himself.

The economic relationship between China and the United States has defined the modern era. It helped lift hundreds of millions of people in China out of poverty. It gave affordable iPhones and other gadgets to American consumers, handed big profits to American companies and delivered 1.3 billion hungry customers to American farmers.
Now some people in both countries want to tear it apart.
As a top Chinese economic policymaker meets with the Trump administration this week in hopes of heading off a potential trade war, some officials in both countries are planning for a time when the world’s two biggest economies do not need each other quite so much any more. They are seeking nothing less than a fundamental rethinking of a trade relationship that encompasses more than $700 billion in goods and services that flow between the countries every year.
Full disengagement is impossible, leaders on both sides acknowledge. But the plans being developed in Beijing and Washington anticipate a time when the economic engines of China and the United States are not so closely linked, particularly in high-tech industries.
“In the next step of tackling technology, we must cast aside illusions and rely on ourselves,” President Xi Jinping of China said last month after visiting a new computer microchip factory in the country’s center.

Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt acknowledged Wednesday that one of his top aides helped him search for housing last year — a potential violation of federal law — but said she had done so “on personal time.”
The admission came during a Senate budget hearing, which including sharp questions from Democrats about the administrator’s ethics and spending decisions. Republicans on the Senate Appropriations Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Subcommittee focused largely on the agency’s policy actions.
Three Democratic senators — Tom Udall (N.M.), Chris Van Hollen (Md.) and Patrick J. Leahy (Vt.) — devoted the bulk of their time to asking Pruitt about actions that have prompted more than a dozen probes by EPA’s Office of Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office and the White House itself.
Leahy belittled Pruitt’s claim that he needed to fly first class because of security concerns. “Nobody even knew who you were … You have to fly first class? Oh c’mon,” Leahy said. Such decisions had made Pruitt and the EPA “a laughingstock,” he added.

Although several fissures are producing spatter, the lava flow from fissure 17 has not advanced since Tuesday, according to Hawaii County Civil Defense.
Halemaumau Crater has been belching ash, which is drifting downwind to the southwest, nearly continuously, the agency said. Ashfall and vog have been reported along Highway 11 to Pahala.
The Hawaii County Fire Department reports that air quality is Condition Red around fissures in the southeast area of Lanipuna Gardens and surrounding farm lots on Pohoiki Road. Condition Red means there is an immediate danger to health and to take action to limit further exposure.
Highway 130 is open beyond Malama Street for local residents only, according to the state Department of Transportation. However, no large trailers or heavy equipment will be allowed over the metal plates.
Highway 132 is closed at the intersection with Pohoiki Road, and a checkpoint is located on Highway 130 by Pahoa High School. Traffic beyond all roadblocks is restricted to local traffic.
The Volcano School of Arts and Sciences will be closed today.
