
At least 10 people died Friday morning in gunfire at Santa Fe High School, law enforcement officials confirmed, while area hospitals reported at least a dozen others were injured.
Police arrested a student suspect and detained a second person, Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzalez said on Twitter.
The dead are expected to include students and staff, according to a senior law enforcement official who was not authorized to speak about the investigation.
The attacker was armed with an AR-15-style rifle, a pistol, a shotgun and pipe bombs, the official said.
"Officers inside encountered a bloody mess in the school," the source said, adding, "Evidently this guy threw pipe bombs all in there. We don't know if any of them went off."
The bloodshed 30 miles south of Houston is the worst mass shooting in America since February, when 17 people were gunned down at a high school in Parkland, Florida, according to a database of shootings maintained by the Washington Post.

The man accused of firing inside Trump National Doral Miami resort has been identified as 42-year-old Jonathan Oddi.
On social media, Oddi lists himself as a fitness instructor, real-estate investor and manager at Pegasus, a business dealing in minerals and gemstones. Oddi lived a few miles away at a rental complex, 8100 NW 53rd St. Born in South Africa, Oddi became a U.S. citizen in August.
Miami-Dade's police director said Oddi removed a flag from the back of the property and entered the lobby early Friday morning shouting "anti-Trump rhetoric," later shooting into the ceiling and chandeliers as officer rushed in. Five officers fired their weapons, Perez said, and Oddi suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the legs.
Investigators are now trying to figure out Oddi's motivations; FBI agents were searching his apartment Friday morning and will examine his computers and electronic devices.
His online public postings provide few clues, but offer mixed political leanings.

Once again, Vladimir Putin tried to debunk Britain’s claims that Russia used a Soviet Union-era, weapons-grade nerve agent to poison Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia.
Speaking at a press conference with German chancellor Angela Merkel in Sochi, the Russian president responded to today’s news that ex-spy Skripal had been discharged from the hospital and moved to a secure location.
“We wish him a good recovery. Firstly, I believe that, if, as our Brit colleagues claim, that it was really had been a nerve agent, then he would have died immediately,” said Putin at the press conference. “A weapons-grade nerve agent is so strong that a person dies immediately or within a few minutes. Thank god, he is getting better.”
On March 4, Skripal and his daughter were found slumped on a bench in the center of the sleepy, British city of Salisbury. Shortly thereafter, the British government confirmed that the poison used in the attack was the military-grade nerve agent Novichok, developed by Russia. It was delivered in an area where hundreds of people could have been exposed.
Russia said it considered the insinuation of its involvement in Skripal’s poisoning as a “provocation.” A tit-for-tat expulsion of Russian diplomats from Western countries and Western diplomats from Russia ensued.

Authorities are investigating the possibility that the school bus involved in Thursday's fatal crash was making an illegal U-turn when it was hit a dump truck on I-80, according to media reports.
The school bus was taking fifth grade students from East Brook Middle School in Paramus to the historic Waterloo Village in Stanhope for an end-of-the-year field trip. It was one of three traveling in a caravan, officials said, but was the only one involved in the crash.
Investigators told NBC 4 that video footage from a Department of Transportation camera shows the bus cutting across lanes of traffic to attempt an illegal through a U-turn area for emergency vehicles. The video reportedly shows the dump truck slamming into the bus as it attempts to get onto I-80 eastbound.
The bus involved in the crash was apparently the only one to miss the exit for Waterloo Village, where the school field trip was being held, ABC 7 reports. The other two buses safely reached the destination, only to head back to school minutes later when word arrived about the deadly crash.
Officials have not yet spoken to the driver of the bus, who underwent surgery following the crash, NBC 4 says.
Morris County Prosecutor's Office declined to comment to Patch on the specifics of the investigation Thursday morning.
In a preliminary report released Thursday night, New Jersey State Police said the bus got on I-80 west from southbound Route 206, and collided with a dump truck near milepost 25.1, just past Exit 25.

Rudy Giuliani said Friday that special counsel Robert Mueller has agreed to narrow the scope of a potential interview with President Donald Trump from five topics to two.
The former New York City mayor, who is now one of Trump's lawyers in the Russia investigation, told CNN's Chris Cuomo on "New Day" that Mueller is not considering asking the President about his former personal attorney Michael Cohen, who's under investigation in New York over his business dealings.
Giuliani -- who in the interview also touched upon whether Trump can obstruct justice, the President's latest charge that an FBI informant infiltrated his campaign and his belief that the FBI agents who raided Cohen last month are "stormtroopers" -- said he can't go into much more detail about the potential interview, but that "the main focus we want ... is Russia."
CNN reported in March that the areas that Mueller's team indicated it wanted to pursue with Trump included his role in crafting a statement aboard Air Force One that miscast Donald Trump Jr.'s June 2016 meeting with Russians in Trump Tower, the circumstances surrounding that Trump Tower meeting, as well as the firings of former FBI Director James Comey and national security adviser Michael Flynn.
"He is going to tell the truth and he has told the truth. He has no reason not to. There is no possible jeopardy here of any kind except from an unfair media," Giuliani said Friday.

Quarterback Tua Tagovailoa said Thursday that he would have transferred from Alabama if he didn't play against Georgia in the College Football Playoff National Championship.
Alabama is like several other Top 25 teams after spring practice -- still needing to decide on a starting QB.
Not only did Tagovailoa take over for struggling starter Jalen Hurts to start the second half, but his 41-yard touchdown pass to DeVonta Smith on the second possession of overtime gave the Crimson Tide a 26-23 win and the championship.
Tagovailoa reflected on his thought process at the time when speaking at his former intermediate school on Thursday in Ewa Beach, Hawaii.
"Even throughout my football season, I wasn't the starter," Tagovailoa told the students, according to Hawaii News Now. "I wanted to leave the school. So I told myself, if I didn't play in the last game, which was the national championship game, I would transfer out. If I gave in, I don't think I would have seen the end blessing of where I am now."
The day after the championship game, former Alabama offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin said on "The Dan Patrick Show" that people "that really know what's going on would tell you that Tua was leaving" if he hadn't played, and played well in the game.
"Because Tua thought that he should be the starting quarterback and had outperformed [Hurts] in practice and coach [Nick Saban] never gave him an opportunity," Kiffin said.
Tagovailoa's thoughts leading up to the championship game weren't new; he told the students he had considered transferring earlier in the season.

President Donald Trump is irate, again, about special counsel Robert Mueller, and complaining about the yearlong "witch hunt" he feels is out to get him.
It wouldn't be just any witch hunt out to get Trump, who likes things associated with him to be bigger and better, but rather the "greatest Witch Hunt in American History. ..." (Great means big here, not good.)
The anger of powerful politicians at the indignity of investigations is in the genes of American politics and on both sides of the family, Republican and Democratic.
Trump shares the term "witch hunt" with Richard Nixon, who was reported to have used it about Watergate hearings.
He shares the sentiment of partisan paranoia with Hillary Clinton, who complained of a "vast right-wing conspiracy" during an earlier special and independent investigation that crept on.
On Thursday, the one-year anniversary of Mueller's appointment to investigate Russia's election meddling and possible collusion with the Trump campaign, the President was being ironic when he clapped for the man he sees as his nemesis.
"Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History ... and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!"
Applying Trump's term to all special investigations curated by the National Archives and measuring them by time alone, Trump's would not yet be the greatest witch hunt in American history.
Turns out that witch hunts drag on for years and years. And years.

John McCain always said he’d go down fighting, and so he has, dickering from his deathbed over CIA nominee Gina Haspel and pre-emptively disinviting President Donald Trump from his funeral, then leaving as a legacy some fierce final words for the leader of his party, who is now a political enemy. All Trump displays is “a reality-show facsimile of toughness,” the six-term Arizona senator and former GOP presidential candidate, who for a generation of Washington politicians has defined genuine toughness, writes in his forthcoming memoir.
The irony of McCain’s curtain-closing contretemps with the president is that it is clearly Trump himself who has inherited McCain’s mantle as the leading Republican maverick in Washington. Both men have often taken on the party orthodoxy across an array of big issues, with Trump running as the ultimate populist outsider in 2016 and spouting apostasies on trade, immigration and foreign policy; and McCain doing so on just about everything at one point or another during his long career. Both are known for being irascible and often bad-tempered, and unsparing toward enemies and rivals, even in their own party. Indeed, during McCain’s first run for president in 2000 he managed to enlist only a handful of his 53 Senate Republican colleagues to support him over George W. Bush, and some cited his volcanic anger and congenital impatience (traits that McCain insists he has since reined in) as reasons. As one GOP senator told me back then, “I didn’t want this guy anywhere near a trigger.” The two politicians even share some views on the proper use of American force in the world and the perils of palliative diplomacy—McCain opposed the Iran nuclear deal as fiercely as Trump, for one.

The House rejected a $867 billion farm bill Friday — after spending days negotiating with key conservatives to ensure that the bill could pass without the support of Democrats.
The vote was 198 to 213. All Democrats voted against the measure, and were joined by 30 Republicans. Many of the GOP lawmakers are members of the House Freedom Caucus, and voted no after failing to get concessions on spending and a future vote on immigration in exchange for their support.
The future of the bill is uncertain. Republican leaders are discussing ways to bring it up again. A re-vote could hinge on whether GOP leaders agree to a vote on a controversial immigration bill that many Republican moderates oppose. Those members, many running for re-election in competitive districts, are pressing, instead, for a vote on a measure that gives a path to citizenship for children of undocumented workers.
On Thursday evening, President Trump tweeted his support for the farm bill.
The Freedom Caucus has extra leverage in the talks because most Democrats oppose this farm bill because of changes to food stamps.

The Australian took refuge in the small diplomatic headquarters in 2012 to avoid sexual abuse charges in Sweden. He rejects the charges and prosecutors have abandoned their investigation.
However, British authorities are still seeking his arrest.
“The President of the Republic, Lenin Moreno, has ordered that any additional security at the Ecuadorian embassy in London be withdrawn immediately,” the government said in a statement. “
From now on, it will maintain normal security similar to that of other Ecuadorian embassies,” the statement said.
Ecuador suspended Assange’s communication systems in March after his pointed political comments on Twitter.
Moreno has described Assange’s situation as “a stone in his shoe.”

So far, the main global impacts of Donald Trump’s decision to pull the U.S. out of the Iran nuclear deal have been higher oil prices, a promising opportunity for China’s state-owned oil company, and deepened European-Iranian solidarity.
The EU’s foreign policy chief and the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Germany met earlier this week with their Iranian counterpart, Javad Zarif, to discuss how to keep the 2015 deal alive despite the U.S. withdrawal. “If I can use the metaphor that some raised around the table, we all have a relative in intensive care and we all want to get him or her out of intensive care as soon as possible,” said the EU’s Federica Mogherini.
The patient is not looking so good today. That’s because keeping the deal alive will likely require finding ways for European companies to continue to do business with Iran. But if those companies also do business in the United States, as many do, they can be subject to U.S. sanctions. The U.S.
can also bar foreign companies that do business in Iran from accessing the U.S.
financial system. Danish shipping company Maersk and the German insurer Allianz also say they will wind down their operations in the country for this reason.
As Maersk’s CEO put it, “With the sanctions the Americans are to impose, you can’t do business in Iran if you also have business in the U.S., and we have that on a large scale.”
French energy giant Total this week announced it will pull out of a major gas project in Iran by this fall unless U.S. sanctions are waived. If Total pulls out of Iran, its 50.1 percent stake in the Pars natural gas field will be transferred to the second largest partner, the state-owned China National Petroleum Corporation. Total has already spent $90 million—and won’t be compensated—to help develop the field that will be transferred to Chinese ownership before it begins producing. Not a bad deal for Beijing!

Retailers are making moves in downtown Walnut Creek.
Clothing retailer Free People shuttered its spot at 1540 Olympic Blvd. and is now open in a larger space in the nearby Broadway Plaza.
Taking its place at its old Olympic Boulevard spot, according to a sign on the window, is Vans — the shoe retailer that launched in 1966 and earned a following in the 1970s among skateboarders. The store joins Vans’ other Bay Area locations in Concord, Antioch, Emeryville, Fairfield, Pleasanton, Livermore, San Francisco, San Rafael, Newark, Burlingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto, Milpitas, San Jose, Santa Clara and San Jose.
Another addition to the area will be furniture retailer Lovesac, whose website says it is “coming soon” to Broadway Plaza. The company started in 1995 with the launch of an 8-foot wide, foam-filled “Lovesac” — which looks like a bean-bag chair — and now sells a variety of sectional sofas and “sac” chairs, according to its website.
Other nearby Lovesac stores, according to its website, include one at Pleasanton’s Stoneridge Shopping Center, one at San Francisco’s Westfield Centre mall, and one in Corte Madera.
