
An American delegation including White House officials and major GOP donors officially opened the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem on Monday, handing Israel a long-sought victory but touching off fresh clashes from outraged Palestinians.
The ceremony — attended by President Trump’s daughter Ivanka — capped Trump’s pledge to shift the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to offer diplomatic recognition to Israel’s claim of Jerusalem as its capital.
But the backdrop underscored the repercussions unleashed by the decision.
European allies offered more denunciations of the move as a serious blow to peace efforts between Israelis and Palestinians, who also view part of Jerusalem as capital for a possible future state.
Near Jerusalem, at least two clashes broke out between Israeli forces and Palestinian protesters, the Associated Press reported.
And on the Gaza Strip border, deadly confrontations erupted Monday in the bloodiest day during a wave of Palestinian protests against Israel’s blockade of the area. In Cairo, the Arab League called a crisis meeting to discuss the “illegal” U.S. Embassy shift.

The U.S. Supreme Court acted Monday to bust Nevada's monopoly on legal sports betting, allowing more states to get in on the action and reap the tax benefits.
The court, in a 6-3 ruling, struck down a federal law that required states to ban gambling on the outcome of sporting events. The Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act was highly unusual: It did not ban sports gambling nationwide as a matter of federal law, but it said the states were not allowed to permit it. (Nevada was grandfathered in when the law was passed in 1992.)
Dozens of states across the country are prepared to move forward quickly to offer sports betting in the wake of the court's decision.
New Jersey and then-Gov. Chris Christie challenged the federal ban, arguing that it violated the Tenth Amendment, which the Supreme Court has said prohibits federal laws that compel states to carry out federal dictates. The gambling law, Christie said, commandeered the states by forcing them to prohibit sports wagering.
New Jersey's current governor, Phil Murphy, said he was "thrilled" by the ruling and would work with state lawmakers to enact a law authorizing sports betting "in the very near future."

Parts of the country are still cleaning up after 2017’s devastating hurricane season, but forecasters are already sounding a warning bell about 2018. And even though hurricane season doesn’t officially begin until June 1, the first named storm could arrive as soon as this weekend.
Separate forecasts from North Carolina State University and Colorado State University predict there will be between 14 and 18 named storms on the eastern seaboard this year. Colorado State predicts seven of those will be hurricanes. North Carolina State believes between 7 and 11 will. (The Weather Channel, meanwhile, is predicting a slightly more sedate 13 named storms and six hurricanes, two of which it says will be major.)
In either model, that’s above the average. From 1950 through 2017, the average number of named storms has been 11. If there’s any good news, it’s that should the models prove true, it will still be less than 2017’s 17 named storms, 10 hurricanes and six major hurricanes.
Things could get started soon, too, as the National Hurricane Center issued an outlook Sunday about a low pressure system that “could acquire some subtropical or tropical characteristics” as it moves around the Gulf of Mexico in the coming days. Forecasters say it has a 40% chance of becoming a subtropical or tropical depression in the next five days. (Right now, the main threat is heavy rain in Florida as well as coastal areas in Georgia and South Carolina.)
Should that become a named storm, it will be known as “Alberto.”

A Miami high school is catching some heat after its jungle-themed prom decorations included a live caged tiger.
Christopher Columbus High School, a private Catholic school for boys, held its prom on Friday. By Sunday, video of the caged tiger pacing in a small cage during the event began to surface online.
"This poor tiger was used as an EXOTIC amusement for the mindless teenagers who were present," Mari-Cris Castellanos, whose brother attends the school, wrote on Facebook. "It is not the student [sic] fault to be so naive BUT it’s the CCHS STAFF who arranged this event, there for they are responsible for this tigers misery."
Castellanos' video show the tiger frantically walking the perimeter of its cage on the dance floor while stunned teens look on. Another video she posted shows the animal again pacing in its cage while a performer dances with fire to loud music. A third video during the fire performance shows the tiger lying in its cage.
But the tiger wasn't the only animal at the prom.
The entertainment company hired by the school also brought a lemur, a parrot and a fox, according to NBC News affiliate NBC 6, which students were able to pose with for pictures.

police officer had to answer the call of duty on her day off when an armed man attempted to rob women and children waiting for a Mother's Day party to begin at a school in Suzano, a city near São Paulo, Brazil. 
The school's CCTV camera captured the moment the gunman approached the group of people on Saturday morning, raising his gun and trying to steal a bag. Unbeknownst to him, 42-year-old police officer Katia da Silva Sastre was one of the women in the crowd.
She quickly drew her gun and fired at a close range, hitting him in the chest and leg. He fell on his back and aimed the weapon at the woman before he let go of it and surrendered. She took his gun and held him within shooting range until she thought it was safe to approach him, turning him around so he'd be lying on his stomach, neutralized, until the emergency services arrived.
The gunman, identified as 21-year-old Eliventon Neves Moreira in Brazilian media, was taken to a hospital where he died of the injuries.
Da Silva, a corporal in the military police, received praise for her actions at a ceremony in her honor on Sunday. The governor of São Paulo Márcio França described the mother-of-two as "very brave" and her reaction to the gunman as "technically perfect" in a video uploaded on Facebook.

An investigation by an Australian TV news program suggests the pilot of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which disappeared with 239 people aboard more than four years ago, deliberately crashed into the Indian Ocean.
Investigators are still searching for the aircraft, but these findings raise the possibility that one of the greatest aviation mysteries in modern history may not have been a catastrophic accident, but instead a possible mass murder-suicide.
"60 Minutes Australia" brought together an international group of aviation experts who say that the disappearance of MH370 was a criminal act by veteran pilot Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah.
"He was killing himself; unfortunately, he was killing everybody else on board, and he did it deliberately," said Canadian Air crash investigator Larry Vance.
Boeing 777 pilot and instructor Simon Hardy reconstructed the flight plan based on military radar, and says Captain Shah flew along the border of Malaysia and Thailand, crossing in and out of each country's airspace to avoid detection.
"It did the job," Hardy said, "because we know, as a fact, that the military did not come and intercept the aircraft."
Hardy also made a strange discovery: Captain Shah likely dipped the plane's wing over Penang, his hometown.

Muqtada al-Sadr cobbled together a coalition between his Shiite Sadrist movement under the Jawabna (The Answer) slogan and the Communist Party of Iraq to achieve an unexpected preliminary Iraqi parliamentary election victory for Baghdad province early Monday morning.
The "Marching Towards Reform" or Sayirun Coalition hit the streets immediately after the news was announced.
They gathered on Tharir Square in downtown Baghdad, where cleric Sadr has held fiery anti-government speeches for years, nearly every Friday.
“This evening , you see all the Iraqi people out for the result of the victory of the 'Marching Towards Reform' list in the elections, and this didn’t come by chance, this came for the sake of proving the rejection of the policy of corruption and the corrupt for 14 years," Jabra al-Tai, a Sadr candidate, told AFP.
The list won the most votes in Iraq's most populated province, its capital Baghdad, beating out incumbent Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's list and those of two other Shiite former PMs, along with other prominent Shiite lists, according to preliminary results released by Iraq's independent election body.
The celebrating Sadrists set off fireworks, honked horns, and waved flags and banners.

Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford’s plane touched down in Brussels this morning as NATO military chiefs prepare for meetings this week. I’m one of the four reporters traveling with Dunford to the NATO session, where most business is done behind closed doors. Dunford is attending the 79th Military Committee in Chiefs of Defence Session.
“The Military Committee is NATO's highest military authority and meets at NATO Headquarters to discuss NATO operations and missions and provide the North Atlantic Council with consensus-based military advice on how the Alliance can best meet global security challenges,” said Col. Pat Ryder, Dunford’s spokesman.
Dunford’s visit comes as America’s key European allies are scrambling to find a way to keep the Iran nuclear agreement afloat without the United States, while also trying to negotiate a side agreement that would meet President Trump’s demands to fix the flaws.

Fair warning, this was not a feel-good episode of Last Week Tonight like “everything looks okay at the pudding factory” or “a genocide that only happens to balloon animals.” Instead, Sunday night’s episode focused on Venezuela, “the country famous for giving us oil, seven Miss Universes, six Miss Worlds, and one Wilmer Valderrama,” who John Oliver likes to think of as “the Miss Universe of That ’70s Show.”
The situation in Venezuela is dire, thanks to what Oliver calls the “epic mismanagement” of a country that has left its population starving, despite its large oil reserves. The roots of the problem lie with former president Hugo Chavez, who was popular thanks to his oil-funded social programs. However, he didn’t save oil revenue — then the price of oil plummeted and Chavez passed away, leaving the leadership of Venezuela to his chosen successor Nicolás Maduro.
Under Maduro’s leadership, the country has entered a downward spiral and inflation, predicted to hit 13,000 percent in 2018, has made it nearly impossible for people to buy food.

The police in Western Australia are working to determine why a farmer killed six members of his family, including four young children, before turning a gun on himself.
The shooting last week in Osmington, a tight-knit rural community near Perth, made headlines around the world for being the worst mass shooting in Australia in more than two decades.
The country prides itself on strict gun-control laws that have decreased the number of mass murders in the recent past. But experts said that the events in Osmington were part of a wider, more insidious problem in rural Australia: suicide and family murder.
Gun violence in Australia is rare, but when it does occur it is most often a suicide.
In 2016, the last year for which data is available, 238 people were killed by guns in Australia, compared with 38,658 for the same year in the United States.
Of those deaths in Australia, 183, or more than 75 percent, were the result of suicides.
People living in rural areas kill themselves at twice the average rate of those in cities, and farmers are particularly at risk, experts said.

One of President Trump's closest evangelical advisers gave the prayer Monday at the opening of the new U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem. But Robert Jeffress's past comments about other faiths, including Judaism, followed him to the event.
Jeffress, pastor of First Baptist Church in Dallas, a Southern Baptist megachurch in Texas, regularly talks about the significance of Jerusalem to conservative Christians — a major component of Trump’s base of supporters.
Long before Jeffress began defending Trump on cable news, he made headlines for attacking other Americans whose faith is different from his own — something former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney noted Sunday on Twitter.
“Robert Jeffress says 'you can’t be saved by being a Jew,' and 'Mormonism is a heresy from the pit of hell.' He’s said the same about Islam. Such a religious bigot should not be giving the prayer that opens the United States Embassy in Jerusalem,” tweeted Romney, a candidate for the Senate in Utah and a Mormon.

John Oliver slammed Donald Trump's "moron" attorney Michael Cohen on Last Week Tonight over accusations that he sold access to the president for millions of dollars.
Cohen – whom the comedian described as "a lawyer so shitty, he made Trump say, 'I need someone good – get me Rudy Giuliani on the phone'" – was already under fire for his $130,000 hush money payment to porn star Stormy Daniels, a potential campaign-finance violation. Now he's facing further scrutiny over massive payments he received through his shell company Essential Consultants, LLC. While Cohen was allegedly selling access to his biggest client, Oliver found that claim "bizarre."
"I naturally assumed that you gained access to the president by finding a golden ticket in your MAGA hat," the host cracked. "Now, selling access is a serious allegation, and there is a lot that we don't know here. What we can say is, shortly after Trump was elected, Michael Cohen suddenly started making a lot of money."
According to financial statements, Essential Consultants, LLC took in $500,000 from Columbus Nova, an investment firm allegedly linked to Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg; up to $1.2 million from pharmaceutical company Novartis;  $150,000 from defense contractor Korea Aerospace Industries; and up to $600,000 from AT&T.
