
Gaza awoke on Tuesday to a grim agenda: Funerals for protesters killed along the fence bordering Israel, including one for an 8-month-old baby girl overcome by tear gas; and still-frenzied work treating the thousands of people wounded, in hospitals so overrun with patients that tents were set up in their courtyards.
There was also uncertainty about whether the demonstrations would grow, fade, or give way to an outright armed conflict.
A day after scores of people were killed in the protests against Israel — the death toll reached 60 overnight — Nakba, a day that commemorates the expulsion or flight of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians from their homes upon the creation of the state of Israel, began in a more subdued way.
At the border fence, few protesters had gathered by late morning. In downtown Gaza City, the streets were quiet as Hamas, the militant Islamic group that controls the territory, had ordered a general strike.
Shops were closed, though the streets were not entirely deserted because people were streaming to mosques for midday funerals of those killed on Monday.
Across the fence in Israel, a tense, almost pastoral calm prevailed along the borderline at midday, in contrast to the bloody scenes that played out on the same hour the day before. Opposite a protest site between Beit Hanoun and Jabaliya in the northern Gaza Strip, the only trace of the previous day’s events were scorched patches of ground where flaming kites had set golden wheat fields on fire.

A Chinese passenger jet was forced into an emergency landing after its windscreen blew out at 32,000ft (9,753m), sucking the co-pilot halfway out of the plane.
Captain Liu Chuanjian said the Airbus A319 had been cruising mid-air when a deafening sound flooded the cockpit.
"There was no warning," he told the Chengdu Economic Daily.
"The windshield just cracked and made a loud bang. The next thing I knew, my co-pilot had been sucked halfway out."
Luckily, the co-pilot was wearing a seatbelt. He was dragged back into the chaos of the cockpit, where pressure and temperature had dropped and the equipment was failing.
"Everything in the cockpit was floating in the air," the captain said. "I couldn't hear the radio. The plane was shaking so hard I could not read the gauges."
Sichuan Airlines 3U8633 was en route from Chongqing in south-west China to Lhasa in Tibet when the mishap struck.
Passengers were being served their breakfast when the plane plunged suddenly to 24,000ft.
A still from mobile phone footage from the plane, showing oxygen masks in the planeImage copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
"We didn't know what was going on and we panicked," one told the state-run China News Service. "The oxygen masks dropped... We experienced a few seconds of free-fall before it stabilised again."

Democrats are trying to take a major step toward winning control of the House, as voters pick nominees Tuesday in Pennsylvania, one of the ripest states for the party to make gains in November’s midterm elections.
A redrawn congressional map, a string of Republican retirements and opposition to President Trump have opened the door for Democrats to pick up as many as half a dozen seats in Pennsylvania. They need 23 to win the House majority.
But before they can focus on the fall campaign, they must first settle some divisive and crowded primaries. Polls open at 7 a.m.
Pennsylvania voters have swung back and forth in recent elections. In 2016, Trump became the first Republican presidential nominee to win the state in 28 years. Earlier this year, Democrat Conor Lamb won a special election in a Pittsburgh-area district where Trump defeated Hillary Clinton by 20 points.
The perennial battleground state also features a governor’s race and a Senate contest that Democratic incumbents are favored to win, but could become competitive. Trump recorded an 11th-hour robo-call for his preferred Senate candidate, Republican Rep. Lou Barletta.
Pennsylvania is one of four states holding primaries on Tuesday. Voters are also heading to the polls in Nebraska, Idaho and Oregon for nominating fights that could provide fresh signs about the mood of voters less than six months before Election Day.

Prosecutors on Monday dismissed a criminal charge against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, bringing a sudden halt to his trial just before it was set to begin and with jury selection already underway.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kimberly Gardner dropped the felony invasion-of-privacy charge stemming from allegations that Greitens took a nude photo of a woman without her consent. The decision came after a judge ruled that the governor’s lawyers could potentially call Gardner as a witness in the trial.
“It’s a great victory and it has been a long time coming,” Greitens, 44, a Republican and a former Navy SEAL, told reporters after his case was dismissed. The governor has repeatedly denied any criminal wrongdoing and dismissed widespread, bipartisan calls for his resignation.
But Greitens’s political and criminal troubles aren’t over. The circuit attorney said she intends to refile the charge and may appoint a special prosecutor or one of her assistants to pursue the case. Greitens still faces another felony charge of computer tampering tied to allegations that he improperly used a veterans’ charity donor list to raise funds for his 2016 campaign for governor.
Legislative leaders in the Republican-controlled Missouri Senate on Monday renewed calls for the governor to resign. They said they will continue considering impeaching Greitens during a special session that is set to start this week.

Ten children believed to be violently abused and living in "horrible" conditions were removed from a home in Fairfield, California, and their parents were arrested, police announced Monday.
Garbage, rotten food, and animal and human feces were found strewn throughout the house, Lt. Greg Hurlbut said at a news conference Monday. 
He added that the children described in interviews various incidents of "intentional abuse." They suffered puncture wounds, burns and bruises consistent with getting shot with a pellet or BB gun, according to the department.
The children's removal was sparked after a 12-year-old child was reported missing in the area on March 31, the Fairfield Police Department said in a news release. The child ultimately was found and returned home.
While at the home, police said they conducted a health and safety search and discovered nine other children — ranging in age from four months to 11 years old — "living in squalor and unsafe conditions."
The 10 children were removed from the home on March 31.
The mother, identified by police as Ina Rogers, 30, was arrested and charged with child neglect. She was released after posting $10,000 bail on April 9.
She told reporters outside her home on Monday that she felt she was being judged for having so many children, and for choosing to home-school them.

Asked about reports that Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen considered resigning, after President Trump berated her at a cabinet meeting, Robert Gates characterized President Trump's management style as "not the way I would deal with people."
The New York Times reported the president has grown increasingly angry with the Department of Homeland Security head, unloading Thursday in a "lengthy tirade" on Nielsen over a lack of progress on combating illegal immigration.
"That's not the way I think I ever did deal with people, and I did fire people, very senior people," the former CIA director and defense secretary told Margaret Brennan in an interview to air Sunday on "Face the Nation."
"I mean that's the way he is. That's the way he deals with people. I mean, let's just say I have a totally different style, but he is president of the United States," said Gates.
Brennan sat down with Gates for a wide-ranging interview on the campus of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, where he serves as the school's chancellor.
"Different presidents deal with the people that work with them in different ways, the first president I worked for, Lyndon Johnson, did a lot of yelling and swearing at his senior officials," Gates added later, "in his own way so did -- so did Richard Nixon."
Asked to assess President Trump's embattled chief of staff John Kelly, who once served as Gates' aide, Gates praised Kelly for having brought order to the White House "pretty well."

The list was spread across two pages, white type on a black background.
There, plain for all to see in a prominent pro-government magazine, were the names of 200 academics, journalists, human rights advocates and others.
They were the “mercenaries” of Hungarian American financier George Soros, the accompanying article explained. And this was an enemies list.
At once it was a relic from a darker time in Hungary’s history and a modern-day symbol of just how far the country has veered toward a rebirth of autocracy under Prime Minister Viktor Orban.
The prime minister has spared little effort in vilifying Soros. Orban has made the Jewish philanthropist the heart of numerous government smear campaigns, countless xenophobic speeches and several pieces of punitive legislation. Before Hungary voted last month, he vowed “revenge” against Soros and his allies for their role in a supposed plot to flood the country with Muslim refugees.
Publication of the list, just days after Orban won a sweeping electoral victory, seemed to be confirmation that the prime minister intended to make good on his pledge. The magazine’s owner, after all, is a close Orban ally and would have been unlikely to publish it without encouragement from top levels of the government.

Malaysia’s ruling coalition had been in power for 61 years — until the May 9 surprise electoral upset by the Hope Pact (Pakatan Harapan) party coalition. While Southeast Asia has seen little in the way of democratic advance in recent years, the Hope Pact’s victory was an example of electoral power against steep authoritarian odds.
As results came in, it soon became clear that this was not a narrow victory by the opposition. Instead, the opposition and ruling coalitions essentially switched places. The Hope Pact, combined with additional allied parties, won 122 out of 222 seats. In 2013, the last general election, its predecessor opposition coalition claimed 89 seats.
The National Front, which won 133 seats in 2013, won only 79 seats in May 2018. It also lost major ground at the state level — holding on to three state governments, down from 10 in the previous election. The Hope Pact is likely to continue attracting defections from National Front parties and politicians, deepening its gains at the state and national level.
The resounding success of the Hope Pact also helped smooth the path for a peaceful transition of power. As we have seen in other parts of the world, disputed electoral results often create tensions and violence — and incumbent governments that refuse to leave office. But the election results left no doubt about the desire for change among Malaysian voters.

Germany’s DFB soccer federation and several German politicians have criticised two top national soccer players for posing for a photo with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, whose policies have come under fire in Europe.
DFB President Reinhard Grindel said the federation respected the special situation of the players, Mesut Ozil and Ilkay Gundogan, who have Turkish roots, but said they had been used by Erdogan in his campaign for next month’s elections in Turkey.
The pictures, taken in London on Sunday and published by Erdogan’s ruling AK Party, show Ozil and Gundogan standing next to the president, all three beaming, and giving him shirts from their English clubs - Arsenal and Manchester City respectively.
Gundogan’s shirt had “With respect for my president” written on it.
“Football and the DFB stand for values that are not sufficiently respected by Mr Erdogan,” the DFB’s Grindel tweeted. “Our players have not helped our integration work.”
Erdogan is a keen soccer fan and as a young man played the game at a semi-professional level.
Relations between the European Union and Turkey have deteriorated over the past two years amid a crackdown by Erdogan’s government on suspected supporters of a failed military coup in July 2016.

As GOP Rep. Ann Wagner prepared to introduce candidates in a Republican Senate debate here Friday, she took a pointed jab at one contender who didn’t make it — front-runner Josh Hawley.
“I try not to tell candidates how to run their races. I don’t know where some of the other candidates are,” she told POLITICO before taking the stage in a high school auditorium, referring specifically to Hawley. “Perhaps they have conflicts. But you gotta show up to win. And I’m going to tell that to the crowd tonight.”
Moments later, Wagner followed through, declaring to the raucous applause of Republican voters on hand that “showing up matters.”
The scene encapsulated widespread concerns about Hawley. Star-struck Senate Republican leaders anointed the 38-year-old, Stanford- and Yale- educated state attorney general as their top recruit of 2018 — a squeaky-clean figure they saw as the future of the party and an ideal opponent to take on the endangered Democratic incumbent, Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Yet as the campaign season kicks into high gear, many Republicans worry that Hawley — who openly admits he had no intention of running for Senate until he was pressured into it — is squandering his shot.
In interviews with more than two dozen senior Republican strategists, donors, lawmakers and local officials, Hawley was depicted as a lackadaisical candidate who has posted sluggish fundraising numbers, turned down interviews with conservative radio show hosts, and spurned traditional GOP events considered a rite of passage for a potential U.S. senator.

Hawaii homeowners such as Patricia Deter are on an urgent quest for answers about insurance: Does it cover volcano and lava damage?
Deter moved from Oregon to Hawaii to be closer to her two daughters, but the Kilauea volcano burned down her home only a month after she bought it.
Deter and her family, along others who have recently lost homes to the lava-spewing mountain, are desperate to learn whether their coverage will offer any help after molten rock wiped out most of what they owned.
The eruption has destroyed about two dozen homes in the Leilani Estates subdivision on the Big Island. On Monday, another fissure spewing lava and toxic gas opened up, and a crack in the earth that emerged a day earlier was sending molten rock crawling toward the ocean, officials said. 
Nearly 20 fissures have opened since the Kilauea volcano started erupting 12 days ago, and officials warn it may soon blow its top with a massive steam eruption that would shoot boulders and ash miles into the sky.
The lava keeps inching towards a main highway in lower Puna, potentially trapping 2,000 residents who soon could be forced to flee, joining the 1,800 already evacuated and now in shelters. Hundreds of homes that remain standing are inaccessible. 
Because the community sits in a zone deemed by the U.S. Geological Survey to have a high risk of lava, few insurance companies will issues policies there.

A federal judge ruled Sunday that anonymous teenage plaintiffs helping to challenge Florida's sweeping anti-gun law must identify themselves publicly, even as he acknowledged the order would probably expose them to intense leftist "vitriol" and "harassment."
In a surprising turn, U.S. District Judge Mark Walker even suggested that he personally wanted to side with the NRA, which wants to shield the young plaintiffs' identities, but said his hands were ultimately tied by court precedent.
"If it were entirely up to this court, the court would not hesitate to grant the NRA's motion," Walker wrote in his ruling. "One need only look to the harassment suffered by some of the Parkland shooting survivors to appreciate the vitriol that has infected public discourse about the Second Amendment. And this court has no doubt the harassment goes both ways."
The NRA filed the lawsuit on Second Amendment grounds soon after Florida lawmakers approved gun legislation that would raise the age to buy guns to 21 years old. The age restriction is one part of a larger anti-gun bill signed by Gov. Rick Scott in the wake of the February shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that left 17 dead.
