
They see the Russia investigation as President Donald Trump does, as a witch hunt that has expanded far beyond its initial mandate with the explicit aim of delegitimizing or perhaps even overturning his 2016 election victory.
Yet these most steadfast of Trump supporters who gathered here Tuesday night as part of a focus group evaluating public opinion said the president ought not fire special counsel Robert S. Mueller III, a view shared by the Trump critics around the table.
"People would be suspicious," said Betsy Novak, 55, a greenhouse worker who voted for Trump.
"It [would be] hiding something," said Curt Hetzel, 48, a shipping and receiving manager who also voted for Trump.
"Politically, it would be a terrible idea," said yet another Trump backer, Sam Goldner, 25, a warehouse manager.
These three were among the 12 men and women assembled for a two-hour focus group in this Milwaukee suburb, a perennial suburban swing area in a state that helped propel Trump to a surprise victory and is home to competitive Senate and gubernatorial contests this fall.
The opinions voiced here Tuesday night about Trump's governing record and conduct in office - as well as the intensifying Mueller investigation - largely split along party lines, a vivid illustration of the deep divides across the country ahead of the November midterm elections.
"Partisan America is alive and well in Wisconsin," Peter D. Hart, a longtime Democratic pollster who led the focus group here on behalf of Emory University, said in reflection. "I felt that people are pretty frozen in place. The one thing they agreed with was Robert Mueller should not be fired. That's about as close as they get to a unified position."

Faced with a growing crisis over its $1.2 million in payments to President Donald Trump’s personal attorney Michael Cohen, Novartis announced early Wednesday that the company’s top lawyer has abruptly resigned in hopes of bringing the whole tawdry affair to an end.
“Although the contract (with Cohen) was legally in order, it was an error,” said Felix Ehrat, group general counsel of Novartis, in a statement. “As a co-signatory with our former CEO, I take personal responsibility to bring the public debate on this matter to an end.”
The chances of that happening, though, are zero. If anything, this move will only heighten pressure on Novartis to fully explain why it agreed to pay $1.2 million to an attorney whose only relevant attraction to the pharma giant was his close personal tie to the president. That remains the bottom line after ex-CEO Joe Jimenez gave an interview to Forbes’ Matthew Herper, where he struggled to explain why the company hired Cohen.
“If we were the experts on policy, he was the expert on the way that they think, together as a team it could be a way for us to better navigate what was going to be a pretty sticky Affordable Care Act Repeal-and-Replace,” Jimenez told Herper in the interview.

Kaitlin Bennett didn't like the rules that kept her from carrying a gun on campus.
So the day after she received her bachelor's degree in biology from Kent State University on Saturday - no longer bound by those rules - she put on a summery white dress, flung an AR-10 rifle over her back and posed for photos around campus.
She accessorized with her mortar board, decorated with a picture of a rifle and the words, "Come and Take It."
She shared the photo with the world on Twitter, where it has fired up heated debate about guns on campus and been retweeted nearly 2,000 times.
"It's a bad ass photo," she told NBC4 in Columbus.
"Now that I graduated from Kent State - I can finally arm myself on campus," she tweeted. "I should have been able to do so as a student especially since 4 unarmed students were shot and killed by the government on this campus."
She referenced the 1970 shooting on campus when members of the Ohio National Guard opened fire on a group of Vietnam War protesters, killing four students.

Peggy Short-Nottage and her husband joined sightseers rushing to Mount St. Helens when volcanic activity escalated in the spring of 1980.
Instead of hopping in a car and making the drive to Southwestern Washington, they hopped in a plane.
From the cockpit of their Cessna 150, some 10,000 feet in the air, Short-Nottage documented the mountain’s transformation before and after its catastrophic May 18 eruption with an Olympus OM-2 camera and a telephoto lens.
Images of a snow-covered conical peak, mushroom-shaped clouds of ash, and a flattened forest are among a collection of never-before-published aerial photographs.
The rare images, shot in color slide film and preserved in 2-inch-square cardboard frames arranged in a carousel tray, were put away and forgotten, later presumed lost.
A friend of Short-Nottage's family recently rediscovered the slides, and she is graciously sharing them in advance of the 38th anniversary of the deadliest volcanic eruption in U.S. history.

Family and friends say they're in shock over the death of a woman in an explosion at a Southern California office building.
The victim hasn't been formally identified but authorities said they believe it's Ildiko Krajnyak (IL-di-koh KRY-nyak), a cosmetologist who owned the day spa where the blast occurred Tuesday.
Irene White, a family friend, read a statement Wednesday on behalf of Krajnyak's family. White asked for privacy as they mourn her. She said the family is cooperating with investigators.
White also solicited donations to an online fundraising campaign to bring Krajnyak's son home from college and help pay for a funeral.
The explosion damaged a two-story building in the city of Aliso Viejo and injured three other people, including two who remain hospitalized.

Millions will tune in worldwide on May 19 to watch Prince Harry walk down the aisle to marry "Suits" actress and humanitarian Meghan Markle in a royal wedding ceremony.
Formerly one of Great Britain's most eligible bachelors, 33-year-old Harry has kept the media on its toes for years speculating over his love life.
Rumored flings have been reported with pop singers, models, and socialites, but which romantic pairings have been the real deal and which are totally fictional?
Harry's seven-year relationship with Chelsy Davy was very much the definition of young love. Davy, who was born in Zimbabwe, met Harry at Stowe School in Buckinghamshire. Harry supposedly fell hard for Davy and her bright, fun personality. His family also appeared to approve of the match, with Prince Charles greeting her with a kiss at one of Harry's polo matches in 2005.
The relationship, however, turned out to be less of a race to the altar as it was on-and-off-again. Rumors swirled that Davy yearned for commitment from Harry and friends said that she struggled to make genuine new friends in Great Britain.

President Trump acknowledged Wednesday his planned summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un may not take place after Pyongyang threatened to scrap the historic meeting.
“We haven’t been notified at all. We’ll have to see,” Trump told reporters in the Oval Office when asked if the summit was still on.
Asked if he thinks the North Korean leader is bluffing, Trump replied: “We’ll see what happens.”
North Korea threw the summit into doubt on Wednesday when it said Kim might not attend the June 12 meeting with Trump if the U.S. demands its “unilateral” nuclear disarmament.
The threat followed North Korea’s announcement a day earlier that it would pull out of high-level talks with South Korea, a decision it attributed to joint military exercises between the U.S. and the South.
Trump responded “yes” when a reporter asked if he would continue to insist on the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
If the summit falls apart, it would be a major defeat for Trump, who has made nuclear diplomacy with North Korea his No. 1 foreign policy priority. Next month’s summit in Singapore would mark the first-ever meeting between leaders of the U.S. and North Korea.

A Utah man imprisoned in Venezuela for two years without a trial is making an emotional plea for Americans’ help getting out of a Caracas jail, saying Wednesday in a clandestinely shot video that his life was threatened during a riot in the country’s most-notorious prison.
In two 20-second videos shot on a cellphone, a visibly distraught Joshua Holt suggested that his patience is running out with the U.S. government, which has made his release a top priority in its dealings with Venezuela’s socialist government.
“I’ve been begging my government for two years. They say they’re doing things but I’m still here,” said Holt in the video posted on his Facebook page.
The 26-year-old traveled to Venezuela in 2016 to marry a fellow Mormon he met on the internet. Shortly afterward, the couple was arrested at her family’s apartment in a Caracas public housing project after police said they found him stockpiling an assault weapon and grenades.
“Please my fellow Americans don’t allow me to continue suffering in Venezuela,” Holt said in a written message, also posted on his Facebook page. “I am not a political pawn I am a human being a child of God and I just want to live happy with my wife and children. I have NEVER done anything wrong in my life. Please help me!”

Ukraine is home to some of the more adventurous military blue-sky thinking, mostly hangovers from the Soviet era. As well as a 160-metre high, 500-metre long radar that was supposed to be able to warn of nuclear attack, it also has a secret programme that trains sea mammals to carry out military tasks. Ukraine has a dolphin army at the Crimean military dolphin centre, trained and ready for deployment.
Or at least it did, but after the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014, the dolphins were captured. Ukraine demanded their return, but Russian forces refused. Some believed the Russians were planning to retrain the dolphins as Russian soldiers, with a source telling Russian agency RIA Novosti that engineers were “developing new aquarium technologies for new programmes to more efficiently use dolphins underwater”.
Four years later and it seems little has come of these supposed Russian plans and most of the dolphins have died. But this week Boris Babin, the Ukrainian government’s representative in Crimea, claimed that they did so defending their country. He said that the dolphins died “patriotically”, refusing to follow orders or eat food provided by the “Russian invaders” and that the hunger strike led to their eventual death.
He told the Ukranian Obozrevatel newspaper that the dolphins were more honourable than some human soldiers: “The trained animals refused not only to interact with the new Russian coaches, but refused food and died some time later. Many Ukrainian soldiers took their oath and loyalty much less seriously than these dolphins.”

The U.S. clothing retailer Gap apologized Tuesday for selling T-shirts with a map of China that didn't include self-ruled Taiwan, the latest example of corporate kowtowing to Beijing.
"Upon the realization that one of our T-shirts sold in some overseas markets mistakenly failed to reflect the correct map of China, we urgently launched an internal investigation across the group and have decided to immediately pull back this T-shirt from all the concerned global markets," the company said in a statement, adding that the shirts had already been pulled from Chinese shelves and destroyed.
The company took action after photos began circulating on Chinese social media of a T-shirt showing a map that didn't include Taiwan, a self-ruled island that Beijing regards as Chinese territory. The map also appeared to leave out southern Tibet and the disputed South China Sea, the state-owned Global Times said, adding that it drew hundreds of complaints on China's Weibo microblogging platform.
The photos were taken at a Gap shop in Canada's Niagara region, Global Times said. The shirt could not be found on Gap websites and it wasn't clear whether it was still being sold in shops in some countries.
"We sincerely apologize for this unintentional error," said the company, which issued the statement through its public relations firm APCO after making a similar apology late Monday on its Weibo account.
Gap promised to carry out "more rigorous reviews" to prevent similar incidents and said it respected China's "sovereignty and territorial integrity" and strictly followed the country's laws and rules.

The number of babies being born in the United States continues to fall, with the birth rate reaching a new record low in 2017, according to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Last year, about 3.8 million babies were born in the U.S., which is 2 percent lower than the number born in 2016, and the lowest recorded number of births in 30 years, according to the report.
What's more, there were about 60 births per 1,000 women ages 15 to 44, which is 3 percent lower than the rate in 2016, and the lowest recorded rate since the government started tracking birth rates in 1909. [7 Baby Myths Debunked]
The decline in the U.S. birth rate from 2016 to 2017 was the largest single-year drop since 2010, the researchers wrote in the report, which was published today (May 17).
The teen birth rate fell 7 percent from 2016 to 2017, to a rate of 19 births per 1,000 teens ages 15 to 19. In addition, birth rates generally declined for women under 40, reaching record lows among women in their 20s, the report authors found.

A person staying in a room two floors below and six rooms away from the gunman on the Mandalay Bay’s 30th floor during the Las Vegas mass shooting tried to call 911 and the hotel’s front desk to report that the shooter sounded like he was on that floor or above it.
The person, whose name and gender were redacted in records released Wednesday by Las Vegas Metropolitan Police, was unable to get through to 911 or the Mandalay Bay and instead called the nearby Luxor hotel to report the shooting.
The call was transferred to Mandalay Bay security and the person reported the shooter appeared to be on the 30th floor.
The person waited by the hotel room peephole and saw about four police officers pass by 20 minutes later. The person stayed put for 40 to 50 more minutes before police called to say they had found the shooter on the 32nd floor.
“I tried to tell somebody as fast as possible that he was in our area but I couldn’t get through,” the person said.
The person later reported hearing a single pop, which he believed was the gunman killing himself.
