
NFL owners have unanimously approved a new national anthem policy that requires players to stand if they are on the field during the performance but gives them the option to remain in the locker room if they prefer, it was announced Wednesday.
The policy subjects teams to a fine if a player or any other team personnel do not show respect for the anthem. That includes any attempt to sit or kneel, as dozens of players have done during the past two seasons to protest racial inequality and police brutality. Those teams also will have the option to fine any team personnel, including players, for the infraction.
"We want people to be respectful of the national anthem," commissioner Roger Goodell said. "We want people to stand -- that's all personnel -- and make sure they treat this moment in a respectful fashion. That's something we think we owe. [But] we were also very sensitive to give players choices."
All 32 owners approved the policy, which will be part of the NFL's game operations manual and thus not subject to collective bargaining. The NFL Players Association said in a statement that it will review the policy and "challenge any aspect" that is inconsistent with the CBA.
San Francisco 49ers owner Jed York, however, said he abstained from Wednesday's vote on the new policy. He didn't say he opposed the policy, nor would reveal if any other team abstained.

The Democratic leaders in the House and Senate on Wednesday demanded that Justice Department officials include them in an upcoming briefing with Republican lawmakers on an FBI informant that made contact with the Trump campaign.
The White House has invited two House Republicans — but no Democrats — to a Thursday meeting with DOJ officials on the subject, which jumped into the spotlight after President Donald Trump accused the Obama administration of planting a "spy" in his campaign as part of a sabotage effort. Law enforcement officials and Democrats have said using the informant was a routine tactic, deployed as part of the government's investigation into Russian contacts with the Trump campaign.
“We urge you to reconsider holding this meeting," wrote Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) in a letter to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Chris Wray.
"However," they added, "if you have determined in your best judgment that Justice Department participation in the meeting is the only way to prevent this situation from devolving into an outright constitutional crisis, then we believe you must insist on the only appropriate mechanism for highly sensitive briefings that might implicate intelligence sources and methods — a bipartisan Gang of Eight briefing that involves congressional leadership from both chambers.”
The so-called Gang of Eight includes the leaders of both parties in the House and Senate, as well as the top Republicans and Democrats on each chamber's Intelligence Committee.

As the new tax cuts ushered in solely by Republicans begin to take effect, one Democratic congressman is unveiling a repeal plan, signaling that President Donald Trump's primary opposition is serious about reversing his signature legislative achievement.
Rep. Jared Polis of Colorado plans to introduce the Students Over Special Interests Act on Wednesday. The legislation, according to a summary viewed by Business Insider ahead of its introduction, would repeal the new tax law and redirect the taxpayer dollars toward erasing the $1.4 trillion in student-loan debt and investing in Pell grants. It will be the first piece of legislation aimed at unraveling the new tax law.
"The Republican tax plan was all about special interests cashing in at the expense of everyone else. My plan shows what a difference we can make for middle-class Americans for even less cost," Polis said in a statement obtained by Business Insider. "So many people go to school, get a job, and work hard but still struggle to get ahead because they are weighted down by student loans. It's time to help them get out from the mountain of debt they are under."
"The good news is if we repeal the Republicans' sweetheart deals for corporations, we can cancel out all student-loan debt, make college more affordable for future students, and still have money left over to reduce our deficit," said Polis, who serves as the ranking Democrat on the House Education and Workforce Committee's subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development.

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Wednesday that the June meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is moving forward as scheduled, despite growing concerns among White House officials and the president that the North Koreans could scuttle the summit.
Those concerns, according to a senior White House official, began about two weeks ago when a North Korean delegation failed to show up at a planning meeting for the summit with U.S. officials – although, according to the official, the U.S. will be sending a delegation back to Singapore later this week for yet another sit-down.
In testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee Wednesday, Secretary Pompeo said the summit is "still scheduled for June 12th," and put the burden on North Korea to show tangible steps towards ridding the country of its nuclear weapons before the U.S. makes any concessions.
"Our eyes are wide open to the lessons of history, but we're optimistic that we can achieve an outcome that will be great for the world," Pompeo said. "Our posture will not change until we see credible steps taken toward the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."
Pompeo's remarks came just a day after President Trump seemed to open the door to incremental concessions to North Korea in the event it started taking steps to denuclearize, appearing to back away from a demand that it happen immediately and completely.

Hawaii’s Kilauea volcano has been a hotbed of explosive activity since early May, gushing lava and toxic gases that have destroyed more than 25 homes and forced thousands of area residents to flee. Most recently, Kilauea's lava has begun flowing into the Pacific Ocean, generating plumes of toxic gas and steam called "laze" and shards of volcanic glass as the molten rock hits the seawater.
Kilauea has been continuously erupting since 1983 and is expected to remain a threat in the coming days and weeks. But what has its latest violent episode taught us about volcanic eruptions? How are scientists able to tell when a dormant volcano will rumble to life? And how does predicting volcanic eruptions compare to earthquake prediction and weather forecasting?
To learn the answers to these and other questions, NBC News MACH's Denise Chow spoke with Paul Segall, a professor of geophysics at Stanford University and a noted expert on volcanism. This interview has been edited for clarity and brevity.

President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has been granted a permanent security clearance after operating under an interim clearance — or less — for more than a year.
In a statement to CNBC, Kushner's lawyer, Abbe Lowell, also said that his client sat "for two interviews with the Office of Special Counsel."
The second interview lasted for more than six hours, and included questions regarding the Trump campaign and the transition period before the presidential inauguration, as well as the Comey firing, NBC reported, citing a source familiar with the interview.
Kushner, a senior White House advisor, had reportedly met with special counsel Robert Mueller's team for the first time in November as part of the probe of potential links between Trump's presidential campaign and Russia.
Career officials approved Kushner's permanent security clearance after the completion of an FBI background check process. The president was reportedly not involved in that process.
Several White House officials with interim security clearances had been downgraded in February, chief of staff John Kelly wrote in a memo at the time.
Lowell told CNBC on Wednesday that his client's application "was properly submitted, reviewed by numerous career officials and underwent the normal process."

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo acknowledged -- after prodding by lawmakers -- that he backs the finding by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential campaign to hurt Hillary Clinton and ultimately help Donald Trump.
Pompeo, who previously was Trump’s CIA director, was pressed by Democrats on whether he accepted that finding during testimony Wednesday before the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
“Yes, sir,” he said. But that was only after he initially said the judgment that Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted to help Trump win “was the least confirmed, that is, there was the least support for that” in the report issued by the CIA, the FBI and the National Security Agency in January 2017, a few weeks before Trump took office.
The findings continue to present an awkward dilemma for Trump’s national security advisers, who seek to stand by the intelligence community even as the president frequently denounces the continuing investigation into Russian meddling by Special Counsel Robert Mueller as a “witch hunt” and assert that the Russians actually were working to help Clinton.

t was getting late on a Wednesday, and by 2018 standards the evening’s news cycle felt almost serene. The only “breaking news” of the moment was about Dr. Harold Bornstein, Donald Trump’s doctor of 35 years, who had told NBC that the president’s bodyguard led a “raid” on his office and hauled away his medical files for “the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency,” as Bornstein previously pronounced him. But that story was now a day old, a musty chyron at this point.
Then, at about 9:30 p.m. on the East Coast, the president’s newest lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, went on Fox News and belly-flopped himself into the news Jacuzzi. On Sean Hannity’s show, the former New York mayor — now, somewhat improbably, a presidential attorney — announced that Trump had in fact reimbursed another of his lawyers, Michael D. Cohen, for a $130,000 payment that Cohen made to Stephanie Clifford (or “some Stormy Daniels woman,” as Giuliani referred to her on “Hannity”). Giuliani’s disclosure seemed to flatly contradict a claim that Trump had made about the Clifford payment — thus making it very likely that the commander in chief had been caught in yet another “false or misleading claim,” or “lie,” to use the less euphemistic word.
It also meant that someone named Hogan Gidley would have another chance to prove himself worthy in Trump’s flat-screen universe.

The State Department said that a U.S. government employee assigned to Guangzhou, China, has reported experiencing "vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure."
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Wednesday that "the medical indications are very similar and entirely consistent" with the symptoms reported by Americans working at the U.S. Embassy in Cuba. "We have medical teams that are moving to be on the ground there. We are working to figure out what took place both in Havana, and now in China, as well."
The federal employee reported experiencing physical symptoms from late 2017 through April 2018, when he or she returned to the U.S. for medical evaluation. That evaluation found that the employee's symptoms were similar to those of someone with a head concussion or mild traumatic brain injury.
The U.S. operates a consulate in Guangzhou, a sprawling commercial city and port in southern China. The Chinese government has assured the U.S. that it is investigating the matter and taking appropriate measures, according to a State Department spokesperson.
Suspected "sonic attacks" affecting more than a dozen U.S. diplomats and family members in Havana beginning in November 2016 led to the U.S. pulling all nonessential staff from the embassy and expelling 15 Cuban diplomats last year. Cuba has denied any involvement in the attacks.

Iranian officials on Wednesday pushed back on Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s pledge to implement harsh sanctions on Tehran, calling the Trump administration “prisoners of their past.” 
Reuters reported that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said Pompeo and other officials are “prisoners of their wrong illusions, prisoners of their past and have been taken hostage by corrupt pressure groups.”
A senior Iranian military official reportedly argued the U.S. “does not have the courage for military confrontation ... with Iran.”
Pompeo on Monday outlined the Trump administration’s approach to Iran following the president’s decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal. 
Pompeo vowed to levy the “strongest sanctions in history” on Tehran unless it abandons its nuclear program and halts what the U.S. has criticized as destabilizing activity in the Middle East.

The Pentagon on Wednesday announced it was disinviting China from the Rim of the Pacific Exercises following reports the country was again secretly beefing up its military operation. 
The move comes after Fox News exclusively reported that the Chinese military had deployed another advanced surface-to-air missile system to one of its contested islands in the South China Sea.        
Satellite images taken on Sunday by ImageSat International  show two new launchers on the northern shore of the Island, next to a radar system, all covered by a camouflage net.    
The net is usually used to conceal stealthy activities that might interest other armies or security teams. It also makes it harder to identify what surface-to-air missile system it is. But ISI analysts think it’s similar to the HQ-9 system that was deployed back in February 2016, and was first reported by Fox News. The HQ-9 air defense system, has a range of 125 miles, which would pose threat to any airplanes, civilians or military, flying close by. 
ISI analysts believe that this provides further evidence that China is increasingly "militarizing" its islands in the South China Sea, ramping up tensions in the region that might undermine its strategic stability.

Iran’s Supreme Leader on Wednesday launched a fresh broadside at Washington’s rejection of a nuclear accord with Tehran, saying the U.S. pullout showed the Islamic Republic could not deal with a country that did not abide by its commitments.
In his first public remarks since U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo demanded Iran make sweeping policy changes, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei expressed revulsion at what he suggested was the casual and boastful way the Trump administration had abandoned the accord.
“The Islamic Republic cannot deal with a government that easily violates an international treaty, withdraws its signature and in a theatrical show brags about its withdrawal on television,” he said in excepts of his remarks posted on his official website.
Listing what he called his experiences of U.S. government behavior toward Tehran over the decades, Khamenei said: “The first experience is that the Islamic Republic cannot deal with America. Why? Because America is not loyal to its commitments.”
