
President Donald Trump said on Sunday he would demand an investigation into whether the FBI had placed surveillance on his 2016 campaign — and whether such activity was ordered by members of the Obama administration.
Ramping up a public war of words between the Oval Office and the law enforcement agency, the president said that he would formally request the Department of Justice probe the FBI's role in investigating his campaign. His remarks come amid reports that the agency had placed a confidential informant somewhere in the Trump campaign's orbit, while he was a still candidate.
In a statement, the Department of Justice said it would ask the Inspector General "to expand the ongoing review of the [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act] application process to include determining whether there was any impropriety or political motivation in how the FBI conducted its counterintelligence investigation of persons suspected of involvement with the Russian agents who interfered in the 2016 presidential election."
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein added that "if anyone did infiltrate or surveil participants in a presidential campaign for inappropriate purposes, we need to know about it and take appropriate action."
Trump's assertions of a mole, either inside or outside his campaign, have yet to be confirmed. On Saturday, The New York Times reported that FBI agents sent an informant to talk to two Trump campaign advisers, after receiving evidence that they had made contacts linked to Russia during the campaign that were deemed suspicious.

Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick (R) on Sunday pushed for arming teachers and reducing the number of entrances into school buildings after the latest mass shooting at a U.S. school afflicted his state.
Patrick, a staunch conservative, appeared on CNN’s “State of the Union” and ABC’s “This Week” to discuss responses after a lone gunman opened fire at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas, on Friday, killing eight students and two teachers.
“There was a teacher next door, a (former) Marine, who saw what was going on... Some feel had he been able to carry a gun, he could have stopped that shooter,” he told host Jake Tapper on the CNN program. 
Patrick said that as he visited a hospital on Friday night where some of those wounded in the shooting had been treated, students and parents alike said that teachers should be armed. 
He told “This Week” host Geroge Stephanopoulos that “our teachers are part of that well-run militia,” a mangled reference to the language of the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment. That amendment says that a “well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.”

President Trump’s lawyer Rudy Giuliani said special counsel Robert Mueller’s Russia probe into obstruction of justice by the president will wrap up by Sept. 1 because allowing it to continue longer could improperly influence the mid-term elections in November, according to a report on Sunday.
Mueller’s office released a timeline of its investigation to him two weeks ago while he was negotiating with prosecutors over whether Trump would testify, Giuliani told the New York Times.
The former mayor of New York City urged that investigation end soon offering as an example the firestorm former FBI Director James Comey ignited when he announced weeks before the 2016 election that he was reopening the probe into Hillary Clinton’s email server.
Democrats and Clinton have blamed Comey’s decision for costing her the election.
“You don’t want another repeat of the 2016 election where you get contrary reports at the end and you don’t know how it affected the election,” Giuliani, a former federal prosecutor, told the newspaper.
The report said Mueller’s findings on obstruction would not mean that the special counsel’s work is completed.
He is also looking into Russia’s efforts to interfere in the election.
Giuliani told the Times he wants the case to come down to a question of Comey’s credibility as opposed to Trump’s.

A man was hit with lava spatter while he sat on his balcony in Hawaii, the first serious injury sustained after weeks of heightened volcanic activity on the Big Island.
The homeowner on Noni Farms Road on a third-floor balcony had his leg shattered from his shin to his foot when hit by lava spatter, said Janet Snyder, a spokesperson for the Office of the Mayor, County of Hawaii, on Sunday.
Lava spatters "can weigh as much as a refrigerator and even small pieces of spatter can kill", Snyder said. No other information was immediately available.
A stream of lava blocked a Hawaii highway that serves as an escape route for coastal residents fleeing the Kilauea volcano.
The erupting lava, which can reach a blistering 1,093 degrees Celsius, crossed Highway 137 shortly before midnight local time (10:00 GMT), Hawaii's Civil Defense Agency said, and sent lava flowing into the ocean.
That prompted warnings of laze - clouds of hydrochloric acid and steam embedded with fine glass particles formed when hot lava hits ocean water.

Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative and ally of President Donald Trump, said Sunday he is “prepared” to be indicted as part of special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation if that’s where the probe leads.
“I am prepared should that be the case,” Stone said on "Meet The Press" after being asked if he was ready for a possible indictment. “But I think it just demonstrates, again, this was supposed to be about Russian collusion, and it appears to be an effort to silence or punish the president’s supporters and his advocates.”
Stone reiterated that he felt Mueller’s team has found “no evidence whatsoever of Russian collusion,” so he speculated that they may work to connect him to other crimes instead.
“It is not inconceivable now that Mr. Mueller and his team may seek to conjure up some extraneous crime pertaining to my business, or maybe not even pertaining to the 2016 election,” Stone said. “I would chalk this up to an effort to silence me.”
Mueller’s team has not yet drawn any public conclusions or filed any charges related to whether there was coordination between associates of the Trump campaign and Russian attempts to try to interfere with the 2016 election.

The Expanse has been one of Syfy network's most critically acclaimed shows to date, but unfortunately, that doesn't mean much when that acclaim isn't bringing more eyes to the series. Fans were devastated as well as motivated to bring the series back upon hearing the news of its cancellation, and now it's looking like there's hope that a renewal could happen. Fans have taken to the web with a petition for Amazon or Netflix to save the show, and it's gaining traction as well as some notable signees.
As of writing, the petition has shattered its initial goal of 100,000 signees and is quickly marching onward to 150,000. The petition promotes the #SaveTheExpanse movement and encourages Amazon or Netflix to pick up the acclaimed 3 season drama for Season 4 so that the show's story can continue beyond the current storyline. The petition has caught the eye of crewmembers like The Expanse writers room who signed and publicly backed the effort on their official Twitter:
The petition also promotes SaveTheExpanse.Org, which has become the central hub for fan efforts to help save The Expanse. Visitors are encouraged to binge the series on Netflix and Amazon and encourage friends to do the same so that the shows viewership numbers on the platform rise and so everyone can be caught up to watch the still airing Season 3. This effort has led to the series posting some of its best viewership numbers in two years, and with a handful of episodes yet to air, it's possible those numbers will continue to rise with each airing. Of course, those ratings and viewership numbers were never incredibly high to begin with, so there's still a question of whether or not any streaming service or network would be willing to take a shot on the series.

Has there ever been an app that has caused so much of an uproar in the Apple community as Apple Maps? It was released in the fall of 2012 with iOS 6, and it was not received well to say the least. It was so poorly received that Tim Cook even wrote a letter apologizing for the poor launch of Apple Maps which contributed o the firing of Scott Forstall:
At Apple, we strive to make world-class products that deliver the best experience possible to our customers. With the launch of our new Maps last week, we fell short on this commitment. We are extremely sorry for the frustration this has caused our customers and we are doing everything we can to make Maps better.
Now that we are almost six years into Apple Maps, I am of the opinion that Apple was right, certainly in a post Facebook privacy scandal world, to replace Google Maps with their in-house mapping product. In fact, Google Maps isn’t on my iPhone, and here are five reasons I prefer Apple Maps over Google Maps.
Apple and Google have drastically different business models, and a Maps product is a key part of that. In fact, Google even has a product where you can see where you’ve been in the past. It’s called Google Timeline. While I can see why some would love this feature, I do not. Apple’s privacy policy for Apple Maps is much more to my liking:
You don’t have to sign in to use Maps. Personalized features, like letting you know when it’s time to leave for your next appointment, are created using data on your device. The data that Maps collects while you use the app — like search terms, navigation routing, and traffic information — is associated with random identifiers so it can’t be tied to your Apple ID. These identifiers reset themselves as you use the app to ensure the best possible experience and to improve Maps. Maps extensions that are used in ride-booking and reservation apps run in their own sandboxes and share permissions with their own parent apps. For ride-booking apps, Maps shares only your starting point and destination with the extension. And when you reserve a table at a restaurant, the extension knows only the point of interest you tapped.

A cougar killed one person and seriously injured another in a rare attack Saturday in rural Washington state, authorities said.
The victims were mountain biking near North Bend, a foothills town about 30 miles from Seattle, just after 11 a.m. when they realized that a cougar was chasing them. The bikers, at first, managed to drive the big cat away by making loud noises — something that authorities recommend people do during such encounters. One of the bikers also struck the animal’s face, causing it to run toward the bushes, said Sgt. Ryan Abbott, spokesman for the King County Sheriff’s Office.
But just as they were about to ride away, the cougar came back and jumped on the head of one of the victims.
“The first victim told us that the actual cougar’s mouth was around his head. The cougar was trying to shake the victim from side to side,” Abbott said.
At that point, the other biker got off from his bike and ran away, which caught the cougar’s attention. Abbott said the big cat then released the first victim and chased the other. The victim took off on his bike and as soon as he looked back, he saw the cougar dragging his friend into the woods, Abbott said.

A lot has changed since 2013, when the editors of The Onion got an angry email from Donald Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen.
Back then, Cohen was an executive vice president at the Trump Organization, and his client was just a TV mogul, still years away from announcing his first serious presidential bid.
Cohen was fuming over a satirical article published under Trump’s name with the headline, “When You're Feeling Low, Just Remember I'll Be Dead In About 15 Or 20 Years.” On Trump’s behalf, Cohen demanded that The Onion immediately remove the article and apologize.
“This commentary goes way beyond defamation and, if not immediately removed, I will take all actions necessary to ensure your actions do not go without consequence,” Cohen wrote, according to a copy of the email provided to POLITICO. “Guide yourself accordingly.”
Five years later, Trump is in the White House, Cohen is under federal investigation and the article is still on The Onion’s website, which many West Wing staffers begrudgingly admit to occasionally reading.

Thousands attended a funeral service Sunday to remember the Pakistani exchange student killed in the Santa Fe High School shooting. Sabika Sheikh was one of the 10 people killed in the shooting on Friday morning.
The attack left 10 others injured in what Texas Gov. Greg Abbott described as "one of the most heinous attacks that we've ever seen in the history of Texas schools."
The funeral service was held at a Houston-area mosque Sunday. Sheikh's host family spoke during the service, saying she wanted to be a business woman. She had been attending the school since last August.
"I always told her, 'Sabika, you have a warrior's heart.' She wanted to be a business woman who wanted to impact the world," said Joleen Cogburn, the teen's host mother.
"I really just want to thank Mr. Sheikh for raising such a wonderful daughter from Pakistan and to (let) her come over here and be a part of her family for the past six months. It was incredible and we loved her," Jason Cogburn said.

If you've spent any time on the Internet this past week, you've probably heard and then argued over a certain viral sound clip.
He's saying, "Laurel," some people swear. No, he's saying, "Yanny," others insist. But for Broadway and television actor Jay Aubrey Jones, he hears himself.
Jones did some voice work for Vocabulary.com, recording more than 36,000 words for the website in 2007, including saying the word, "Laurel." And apparently, that is the source audio for the "Laurel, Yanny" viral clip that's been driving the Internet crazy.
"When I first heard this recording, it was on Wednesday morning on television, and I was putting myself together, and I did not recognize my voice at all," Jones tells Weekend Edition Sunday's LuLu Garcia-Navarro.
After receiving several phone calls, texts and emails from a producer at Vocabulary.com and other friends, Jones says, "They explained that it was my voice that has been creating this brouhaha for want of a better word."
Jones says he actually hears the word, "Laurel," when he listens to the clip of his voice, but a friend of his "swore up and down that all she heard was 'Yanny.' "

Iran’s foreign minister said Sunday that the European Union (EU) isn’t doing enough to make the nuclear deal worthwhile to Tehran following the U.S.'s withdrawal.
Reuters reported Sunday that Mohammad Javad Zarif told the EU’s energy commissioner that the European governing body needs to do more to preserve its oil trade in Iran.
“With the withdrawal of America … the European political support for the accord is not sufficient,” Zarif said, according to the news service.
Iran reportedly expressed concerns that European companies would not be fully honoring the terms of the nuclear agreement if they are no longer able to do business in the country out of fear of U.S. sanctions.
“The contradictions in the words of European authorities are suspicious. We hope that our government officials will be able to secure the necessary guarantees in their negotiations, as one cannot rely on those who vacillate and speak contradictory words,” Ali Akbar Velayati, an adviser to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said, according to Reuters.
