
Weeks before President Trump and Kim Jong Un are scheduled to meet for a daylong summit, there is growing uncertainty over how the meeting will go — or whether it will even take place.
The meeting was originally scheduled for June 12, but Trump now says it "may not work out" that day. "If it doesn't happen, maybe it will happen later," he said, after a meeting with South Korean President Moon Jae-in to discuss strategy.
The administration is still moving forward with plans for the meeting, Trump says. And the White House Communications Agency has already ordered souvenir travel coins, like it does for many presidential trips.
The coins celebrate "peace talks" in 2018 — with no specific date.
North Korea has pledged to destroy its underground nuclear test site, inviting journalists to witness the destruction later this week, and satellite images show that work appears to have begun early.
But last week, North Korea threatened to "reconsider" the summit if the U.S. continues to push for complete denuclearization. And on Tuesday, Pyongyang issued a fresh series of scathing statements through state media outlets slamming U.S.-South Korean military drills, The Associated Press reports.

Alex Carvey hugged her friends, shed tears over white crosses bearing her classmates’ names and stood in silence for a moment. Then she reflected on the cause of the violence that hit her hometown.
“I don’t think guns are the problem — I think people are the problem,” Carvey, 16, a student at Santa Fe High School, said. “Even if we did more gun laws, people who are sick enough to do something like this are still going to figure out a way to do it. So it doesn’t matter.”
Many of Carvey’s classmates — along with their parents — agree with her. In contrast to the immediate aftermath of the Feb. 14 massacre in Parkland, Florida, when student survivors kicked off a national call for tougher gun control laws on social media and in street protests, there are few calls for new gun laws in Santa Fe.
Residents here still largely associate guns with hunting and family tradition, not mass shootings. In March, when students across the country walked out of schools to protest gun violence, just a handful of Santa Fe High School students participated.
“No matter how many laws there are, you can always break them,” said Nora Tulo, 15, a student at the high school.
Dimitrios Pagourtzis, the student charged in the Santa Fe shooting, was too young to buy a gun, Tulo pointed out, yet he was still able to use weapons belonging to his father. “He still brought a gun to school and he still killed 10 of our classmates,” Tulo said.
The stark differences in the responses to the mass shootings just three months apart serve as a reminder that in many parts of the country, including this section of rural southeast Texas, guns are woven into the history, upbringing and culture, and the relationship with guns gets passed down through the generations.

Back in 2011, Donald Trump published “Midas Touch,” one of his many how-to books offering secrets for financial success. This is where Trump, a lifelong performance artist, revealed that one of his favorite business personas is the “Outlaw.”
“The Outlaw archetype loves to break the rules,” the book noted. “The motto of the Outlaw is: ‘Rules are meant to be broken.’”
The president, who turns 72 next month, has prided himself on being a rule-breaker in business and politics for the past 50 years. Back in the 1970s, he and his father flouted federal housing regulations by discriminating against prospective renters of color at their apartment buildings in Brooklyn and Queens. During his own career as a New York developer, Trump routinely tried to strong-arm regulators and politicians who asked him to comply with local zoning and housing laws. 
After flirting with personal bankruptcy in the early 1990s, Trump used his media platform to slag bankers tasked with keeping him on an allowance while they juggled more than $3 billion in loans he couldn’t repay. His biggest Atlantic City, N.J., casino, the Taj Mahal (which eventually filed for bankruptcy protection), violated anti-money-laundering regulations 106 times during its first 18 months in business, prompting the Treasury Department to fine the company about $500,000 in 1998. In 2002, the Securities and Exchange Commission forced Trump’s casino company to sign a cease and desist agreement after an investigation showed it had used “fraudulent” reporting tactics and doctored accounting in its public earnings statements.

Mark Zuckerberg is facing members of the European Parliament today (May 22) to discuss Facebook’s use of personal data following the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
Initially, today’s session was to be behind closed doors, but following public backlash, the parties agreed that it would be livestreamed. It is available on the parliament’s website, and Facebook page. You can also watch directly from this post:
According to prepared remarks obtained by several news outlets, Zuckerberg will say he is sorry for Facebook’s blunders, much in the same words as he has been using during his apology tour over recent months: “We’re committed to Europe.”
His appearance comes just days before the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the sweeping new privacy law, takes effect May 25. As during Zuckerberg’s appearances before US congressional committees, right-wing politicians are preparing to press the Facebook CEO on political bias on the platform.

16-year-old has been arrested and charged as an adult in the death of a police officer on Monday, and three other suspects — all teenage males — are in custody.
Dawnta Anthony Harris, of the 1600 block of Vincent Court in the Gilmor Homes complex in West Baltimore, was charged with first-degree murder in the killing of Officer Amy Caprio, according to court records. He is being held without bail at an adult detention center.
He did not have an attorney listed in online court records, and family members could not be immediately reached for comment.
Caprio was a four-year veteran of the Baltimore County police force assigned to the Parkville precinct.
At his bail review, prosecutors said Harris had stolen four cars since December, and went missing from house arrest for car theft days before he allegedly killed Caprio.
The other three suspects were unlikely to have bail review hearings until Tuesday night, said Officer Jennifer Peach, a spokeswoman for Baltimore County police.
The documents say Caprio was responding to a call at about 2 p.m. Monday on Linwen Way to investigate a suspicious vehicle in the area. A 911 caller reported a black Jeep Wrangler near her home, and said three “suspicious subjects got out of it and were walking around homes.” The caller then said the suspects had broken into the home and the first arriving officer was on the ground after confronting the driver of the Jeep.

The Environmental Protection Agency barred The Associated Press and CNN from a national summit on harmful water contaminants on Tuesday — and guards forcibly shoved a female reporter out of the building.
The EPA blocked the media organizations, along with the environmental-focused E&E News, from attending the meeting in Washington, convened by EPA chief Scott Pruitt.
Guards barred an AP reporter from passing through a security checkpoint inside the building.
When the reporter, Ellen Knickmeyer, asked to speak to an EPA public-affairs person, the security guards grabbed the reporter by the shoulders and shoved her forcibly out of the EPA building. She said she was not injured and was later permitted to attend the meeting.
"The Environmental Protection Agency's selective barring of news organizations, including the AP, from covering today's meeting is alarming and a direct threat to the public's right to know about what is happening inside their government," said AP Executive Editor Sally Buzbee.
"It is particularly distressing that any journalist trying to cover an event in the public interest would be forcibly removed," Buzbee added.
CNN said in a statement that its reporter also was turned away from covering the event "after multiple attempts to attend."
"We understand the importance of an open and free press and we hope the EPA does, too," CNN said, according to the AP.

On a Friday evening last October, Mitch McConnell was at Nationals Park watching a playoff baseball game when he looked down at his iPhone and discovered a missed call. It was President Trump. 
Trump and McConnell hadn’t made plans to talk, according to a person familiar with the call. But later that evening they spoke, two people familiar with the call said. It was the kind of impromptu conversation that would become a staple of the president’s relationship with the Senate majority leader, which has improved considerably from a low point last summer.
“He calls me and I call him multiple times a week, and sometimes at unusual hours,” McConnell (R-Ky.) said in an interview with The Washington Post. “About half the time, it’s just on his cell to my cell, without any intermediary.”
Just nine months ago, Trump and McConnell were locked in a bitter feud in the wake of the GOP’s failed effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Now, they are plotting together to keep control of the Senate in the midterm elections, with each realizing the other is crucial to his success. 
“We’ve talked a lot about the Senate situation, the races, what he can do to help,” McConnell said. When it comes to energizing conservative voters this fall, McConnell said of Trump: “Only he can make that argument. He’s got the biggest megaphone.”
Their alliance is among the most fragile in American politics, built on recent victories, including the sweeping Republican tax law and a spate of successful Senate primaries. That winning streak needs to continue to preserve the detente, numerous allies said. 

Two men facing trials for brutal murders managed to overpower a jail guard and escape into the trees outside a small town in South Carolina, authorities say, after a short circuit caused their cell doors to automatically open.
Tyshon Demontrea Johnson and Curtis Ray Green fled the Orangeburg Detention Center on Saturday — initially escaping with an accused carjacker from the same cell block. The third inmate has since been recaptured, but a manhunt had not found Johnson and Green by late Monday, leaving the jail’s frightened neighbors demanding to know how its systems could so utterly fail.
It was not the first time that a cell door at the 1960s-era facility released an inmate because of a malfunction: Last June, a man serving a sentence for a probation violation noticed that his door had failed to lock, according to WRDW, and he enjoyed a few hours of freedom before police caught him in an alley.
The county decided to build a new jail after last year’s incident, the Times and Democrat newspaper reported, but construction had barely started before the dilapidated jail’s electrical systems frizzed out again, on Saturday night, with disastrous results.
It began with an electrical short in a control panel in a small pod of four cells, according to county administrator Harold Young, who spoke to reporters afterward. Sensing the malfunction, a safety mechanism opened all four of the cell doors.
“It’s designed to,” Young told Live 5 News. “If you have a fire or electrical something, you don’t want people to perish by not being able to get out of those cells.”

The USS Milius, one of the U.S. Navy’s most advanced guided missile destroyers, arrived in Japan on Tuesday to reinforce defenses against any ballistic missile attacks by North Korea, or anyone else in East Asia.
The warship’s arrival at Yokosuka Naval Base comes three weeks before an unprecedented meeting is supposed to take place in Singapore between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
The show of force is a reminder of the military pressure that can be brought to bear on North Korea as the United States seeks to press it to abandon its nuclear weapons and its ballistic missile program.
The deployment of the Milius to Japan was delayed by almost a year so it could undergo upgrades to its Aegis air defense system to enhance its ability to detect and target missiles.
Armed with missiles designed to shoot down warheads in space, the Milius will be part of a naval destroyer force that would be the first U.S. line of defense against any long-range ballistic missiles fired at it by North Korea.
The force, under a security treaty between Japan and the United States, would also defend Japan from attack.

The Treasury Department on Tuesday unveiled fresh sanctions on five Iranians it said provided military expertise to Houthi rebels in Yemen "on behalf" of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard.
The action comes less than two weeks after Houthi rebels fired ballistic missiles into Riyadh, the Saudi capital, an assault that authorities said was intercepted.
In a statement announcing the sanctions, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the "United States will not tolerate Iranian support for Houthi rebels who are attacking our close partner, Saudi Arabia."
"All countries in the region should be on guard to prevent Iran from sending its personnel, weapons and funds in support of its proxies in Yemen," he added.
The move serves as the latest salvo by the Trump administration aimed at Iran since President Donald Trump pulled the U.S. out of their landmark nuclear agreement on May 8.
Trump announced he would pull the U.S. out of the deal while vowing to impose the “highest level” of economic sanctions on Tehran, dealing a grievous blow to the signature agreement struck by his predecessor, President Barack Obama.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo warned on Monday that the U.S. will impose the "strongest sanctions in history" on Iran if its government did not alter its behavior

The Taliban has launched a series of attacks in Afghanistan's Ghazni province, killing police officers, including a district police chief and a reserve unit's commander, Afghan officials have said.
The deadly attacks that claimed the lives of at least 14 policemen come days after the armed group announced conditional amnesty to Afghan security forces.
Taliban fighters stormed several security checkpoints in Dih Yak and Jaghatu district of the Ghazni province late on Monday setting off a battle with the security forces that continued through Tuesday.
Seven police officers were killed in Dih Yak, including the district police chief Faizullah Toofan and reserve commander Haji Baraket. Seven others policemen were killed in Jaghatu district.
Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attacks in a statement to the media. He claimed the Jaghatu district headquarters was captured as well as several police checkpoints in Dih Yak.
The Taliban also issued a statement warning residents of the capital, Kabul, to avoid military and intelligence centres as they planned to target those as part of their spring offensive.
Since announcing their offensive in April, Taliban fighters have stepped up attacks across the country against Afghan security forces and government officials.

The director of a seabed hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has disagreed with a new book’s conclusion that the pilot likely flew the plane beyond the search area to land and sink it in unexplored depths of the Indian Ocean.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau believes Flight 370 ran out of fuel and crashed after flying off course en route from Malaysia to Beijing in 2014. All 239 people on board were likely long dead inside a depressurized cabin and cockpit.
A Senate committee questioned search director Peter Foley Tuesday on theories in Canadian air crash investigator Larry Vance’s new book, MH370: Mystery Solved.
The book argues two wing flaps found on islands off Africa point to the pilot performing a controlled ditching outside the area scoured by sonar.
