
After flash floods in Maryland sent cars floating down Main Street in historic Ellicott City Sunday, Maryland local officials said they were heartbroken to see the community so severely damaged again less than two years after a devastating flood killed two people and caused millions in damages. CBS News correspondent Jeff Pegues reports that Howard County officials confirm that there is one person missing. The missing man has been identified as Eddison Hermond, 39, of Severn, Maryland.
Kenneth Josepha, a close friend of Hermond, told CBS News that Hermond was trying to help a woman locate her pet, but while trying to assist her, he was washed away on Main Street.
Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman said emergency workers are "making every effort to locate that individual." 
As the flood waters receded late Sunday, officials were only beginning the grim task of assessing the destruction.
During a Sunday evening news conference, Kittleman said authorities aren't aware of any fatalities. But first responders and rescue officials were still going through the muddied, damaged downtown, conducting safety checks and ensuring people evacuated.
Kittleman said the damage was significant and appeared to him to be worse than the flooding two summers ago.
Residents and business owners, Kittleman said, "are faced with the same daunting task again."`

President Donald Trump paid tribute to fallen soldiers on Memorial Day with a tweet applauding the state of the country under his administration.
Trump praised the current unemployment rate for African-Americans and Hispanics, as well as the “best economy in decades” ― two areas that began steadily improving under the Obama administration.
“Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today,” Trump tweeted Monday. “Nice!”
Hours earlier, Trump tweeted a nearly minute-long video commemorating the federal holiday. He is expected later Monday to participate in a Memorial Day wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery.
″I know that everybody is remembering the fallen soldiers who have paid the ultimate price for our country, and it’s a country that we all love,” Trump said in the video. “As Americans, we come together to remember our great heroes on this Memorial Day.”
Minutes after his Twitter tribute to fallen soldiers, Trump renewed his attacks against the Justice Department while live-tweeting Fox News ― a common practice for this president.

The U.S. decided to hold off on implementing a major new sanctions push against North Korea while it looks to revive a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next month.
The White House was prepared to announce the ramped-up sanctions regime as soon as Tuesday but decided Monday to indefinitely delay the measures while talks with North Korea proceed, a U.S. official said, citing progress in efforts to repair diplomatic relations between Washington and Pyongyang.

Lava from Hawaii’s erupting Kilauea volcano has reached the Puna Geothermal Venture plant, covering a well and threatening another. At the same time, fast-moving lava flows are now threatening nearby communities, prompting new evacuations.
“Lava flow from Fissures 7 and 21 crossed into PGV [Puna Geothermal Venture] property overnight and has now covered one well that was successfully plugged,” declared the Hawaii Civil Defense Agency in a statement released on Sunday, May 27 at 6:00 pm local time. “That well, along with a second well 100 feet [30 meters] away, are stable and secured, and are being monitored. Also due to preventative measures, neither well is expected to release any hydrogen sulfide.”
Those preventive measures included a complete shutdown of the geothermal plant, the capping of all 11 wells, and the removal of some 60,000 gallons of flammable liquid. Those precautions aside, this is the first time in history—as far as we know—that lava has ever engulfed a geothermal power plant, so it’s all uncharted territory. There’s fear that a rupture of the wells could set off an explosion, releasing hydrogen sulfide and other dangerous gasses into the environment. As of this posting, the lava flows on the PGV grounds have stopped moving.
Residents have been worrying about such a scenario since the plant went online nearly three decades ago. Over the years, PGV owners have faced lawsuits questioning its decision to place the plant so close to one of the world’s most active volcanoes, as Reuters reports. The 38-megawatt PGV facility provides about 25 percent of power to the Big Island.

Christian Bales, the valedictorian of Holy Cross High School in Crestview Hills, Kentucky, was barred from delivering his graduation speech on Friday. Instead, he delivered it after the graduation ceremony, outside of the school on a megaphone. 
After reading a copy of Bales' speech, the school determined it was "political and inconsistent with the teachings of the Catholic church." Bales said he found out the day of graduation that the Diocese of Covington cut his speech from the ceremony.
"The diocese took ours and said they were too confrontational, too angry, too personal, and that they weren't appropriate for the setting," Bales said, after both he and his friend's speeches were cut.
Bales repeated the phrase "the young people will win" in his speech, a phrase coined by Parkland, Florida, students who survived a mass shooting earlier this year. 
In a statement, a diocese spokesperson said:
"School officials and representatives of the Diocese of Covington reserve the right to review and approve all student speeches to be presented in public at high school graduations. The student speeches for the Holy Cross High School graduation were not submitted for review before the deadline. They were found to contain elements that were political and inconsistent with the teachings of the Catholic church."

Reports of federal authorities losing track of nearly 1,500 immigrant children in their custody. Scathing criticism over children being taken from their migrant parents at the border. Proposed rallies. In the past week, outrage about treatment of children taken into U.S. custody at the Southwest border has reached a fever pitch, exploding in a barrage of tweets and calls to action with the hashtags #WhereAreTheChildren and #MissingChildren.
How accurate are certain claims circulating online? What do those children have to do with the Trump administration’s new immigration enforcement policies? How many families are being separated? And why is there so much outrage about it now? We take a look at how the story has snowballed.
Did the United States really lose track of 1,475 immigrant kids?
In short, yes. During a Senate committee hearing late last month, Steven Wagner, an official with the Department of Health and Human Services, testified that the federal agency had lost track of 1,475 children who had crossed the U.S.-Mexico border on their own (that is, unaccompanied by adults) and subsequently were placed with adult sponsors in the United States. As the Associated Press reported, the number was based on a survey of more than 7,000 children:
From October to December 2017, HHS called 7,635 children the agency had placed with sponsors, and found 6,075 of the children were still living with their sponsors, 28 had run away, five had been deported and 52 were living with someone else. The rest were missing, said Steven Wagner, acting assistant secretary at HHS.

An Alabama teenager got the ultimate high school graduation gift after an inspiring photo of him trekking to school on foot in his cap and gown went viral.
Corey Patrick received a new car Friday from radio host Rickey Smiley after an outpouring of support for the teen, who was photographed walking to catch a bus to his Tarrant High School graduation in Tarrant, Ala.
The viral photos were captured by bus driver DeJuanna Beasely, who said she was inspired by the boy's determination.
"I did it to inspire people on my page," she told CBS42 of posting the images, which have since amassed more than 42,000 shares. "I didn't do it because I knew him. I just did it because he got on my bus and I was inspired that he got on by himself and he was so determined to get it with no one backing him."
Patrick had attended Tarrant schools since elementary school, but recently moved with his mom to a town about 14 miles away, mom Felicia White told WBRC.
Not wanting to miss out on senior year with his friends, Patrick woke up at 4:30 each morning to make it to a 5:41 a.m. bus, as his family had no means of transportation.
"Even when he would get out of school he couldn't get from that side of town until 5:19 when the bus runs back over there," White said. "So he doesn't make it back this way until about 6:30 or 7 o'clock."

When Colin Allred, a 35-year-old former NFL linebacker-turned-congressional candidate, addressed two dozen student volunteers at a rooftop restaurant last week, he promised them that he knows millennials are more than avocado toast-eating social media obsessives.
“People think millennials just tweet … and complain, but you all are living proof that that’s not true,” Allred said. “You are the best part of this party.”
Allred — the newly minted Democratic nominee for a competitive House seat here— is part of a swell of young Democratic House candidates hoping to inspire higher turnout among fellow millennials in the midterm elections, when youth voting rates typically decline. At least 20 millennial Democratic candidates are running in battleground districts, a leap over previous cycles that could remake the party’s generational divide.
“I don’t recall a cycle with anything close to this number of younger candidates in recent times,” said Ian Russell, a Democratic consultant who served as the deputy executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. “Notably, younger candidates who actually have a good shot at winning – raising money, running professional campaigns.”
Currently, the average age of a member of 115th Congress — nearly 58 years old in the House and nearly 62 years old in the Senate — is among the oldest of any Congress in recent history, according to a report by the Congressional Research Service. The youngest member of Congress, Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.), will turn 34 in July.

Italian President Sergio Mattarella has asked Carlo Cottarelli, a former International Monetary Fund official, to try to form a new government, even as the country speeds toward fresh elections that could see Italy’s commitment to the single currency put to the test.
Mr. Mattarella has tapped Mr. Cottarelli in an attempt to quell the political crisis that erupted Sunday after the president blocked the formation of a government supported by two euroskeptic, antiestablishment parties, the 5 Star Movement and the League.

Thousands of American troops could be permanently stationed in Poland as a deterrent to Russia, the country's defense minister said Monday, adding that he's has held talks with U.S. officials.
Defense Minister Mariusz Blaszczak told state Radio 1 he's recently held talks in Washington about having a permanent presence of U.S. troops in Poland, where they are currently on a rotational, temporary, though open-ended mission.
Russia's annexation of the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine has caused anxiety in the region, as Moscow has continued to support separatists in eastern Ukraine.
"The result of our efforts is that the U.S. Senate has contacted the Pentagon about an assessment of ... (the) permanent presence of U.S. troops in Poland," he said. "Such presence is of great importance because it deters the adversary."
U.S. and NATO troops were deployed to Poland and the region last year as a security assurance.
Russia has taken other steps seen as hostile in the region in recent years, and a Dutch-led investigation revealed Thursday that a  Buk missile from a Russian military unit brought down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine in 2014. The passenger jet was on its way from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, when it was blown out of the sky over Ukraine on July 17, 2014. All 298 passengers and crew were killed.

New Zealand plans to slaughter about 150,000 cows as it tries to eradicate a strain of disease-causing bacteria from the national herd. Politicians and industry leaders announced the ambitious plan on Monday. They say it will cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and, if successful, would be the first time an infected country has eliminated Mycoplasma bovis.
Farming is vital to the economy in New Zealand, whose isolation has helped protect it from some diseases which affect herds elsewhere.
Last July, Mycoplasma bovis was found in the country for the first time. Found in Europe and the U.S., the bacteria can cause cows to develop mastitis, pneumonia, arthritis and other diseases. They are not considered a threat to food safety, but do cause production losses.
Officials say they plan to kill all cows on any farms where the bacteria are found, even if some of the animals are healthy. They say many of the cows will be slaughtered at processing plants and used for beef, but some cows will have to be killed and buried on the farms or dumped in approved landfills.
Officials have the legal authority to forcibly enter farms and kill animals even in cases where a farmer might resist, but they said they hope they don't have to use those powers.
Katie Milne, the national president of the advocacy group Federated Farmers, said it was important to try to get rid of Mycoplasma bovis while there was still a chance. She said they would try to make sure affected farmers had all the support they needed, including adequate compensation.

China's military took "immediate action" on Sunday against "unauthorized" sailing by US warships in South China Sea waters claimed by Beijing.
China's defense ministry said in a statement that two US warships, the Antiem guided missile cruiser and the USS Higgins destroyer, entered disputed waters around the Paracel Islands before the Chinese navy intervened in what it considers to be a "serious infringement on China's sovereignty."
"Chinese military took immediate actions by dispatching naval ships and aircrafts to conduct legal identification and verification of the US warships and warn them off," Wu Qian, defense ministry spokesman, said.
The spokesman also called the US move "provocative and arbitrary," which he said "undermined strategic mutual trust between the two militaries."
China has held de facto control over the Paracel Islands since 1974, however Taiwan and Vietnam also have competing claims to the area. The US warships reportedly came within 12 nautical miles of the islands.
According to Reuters, the US freedom of navigation operation was a targeted measure against China's growing influence in the region.
The move comes at a sensitive time between the US and China. Last week the Pentagon disinvited China from an international military exercise in an effort to send a message about the country's activities in the South China Sea.
