
A team of U.S. officials crossed into North Korea on Sunday for talks to prepare for a summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un, as both sides press ahead with arrangements despite the question marks hanging over the meeting.
Sung Kim, a former U.S. ambassador to South Korea and former nuclear negotiator with the North, has been called in from his post as envoy to the Philippines to lead the preparations, according to a person familiar with the arrangements.
The talks are focused on what would be the substance of a potential summit between Trump and Kim — the issue of North Korea’s nuclear weapons program.
After Saturday’s surprise inter-Korean talks, South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Kim was still committed to the “complete denuclearization” of the Korean Peninsula. But Moon declined to define “complete denuclearization,” suggesting that there are still fundamental gaps on the key issue bedeviling preparations.
Crossing the line that separates the two Koreas, Sung Kim met with Choe Son Hui, the North Korean vice foreign minister, who said last week that Pyongyang was “reconsidering” the talks. The two officials know each other well — both were part of their respective delegations that negotiated the 2005 denuclearization agreement through the six-party framework.
The meetings were trumpeted by Trump later Sunday afternoon, when he tweeted, “Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!”A team of U.S. officials crossed into North Korea on Sunday for talks to prepare for a summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un, as both sides press ahead with arrangements despite the question marks hanging over the meeting.

The last race of Danica Patrick’s 14-year career behind the wheel ended with a crash, leaving her devastated at the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday.
She had a fast car that she qualified seventh of 33 last weekend, along with high hopes and a real chance to better her career-high third-place finish from 2009. Or even win one of the biggest races in the world.
But in heartbreaking fashion for the 36-year-old driver, her car got loose as she drove through Turn 2 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on lap 68. She spun out and slammed into the wall as pieces of her bright green No. 13 GoDaddy Chevrolet flew through the air. It was one of several crashes Sunday.
"I'm not sure really what happened," Patrick said to TV reporters after being checked and released from the infield medical center. "It just seemd to come around. I mean, today was really disappointing for what we were hoping for and what you want for your last race. I'm grateful for all of it. I wish I could have finished stronger. 
"I've had a lot of good fortune here and still had some this month. It didn't come on race day, but we had some good moments."

The first named storm of the 2018 hurricane season intensified Sunday off the west coast of Florida, as the threat of rain and rough surf kept some vacationers off beaches along the eastern Gulf Coast during the busy Memorial Day Weekend.
The National Hurricane Center said in its 2 p.m. ET advisory that Subtropical Storm Alberto now has top sustained winds of 50 mph, and is located about 135 miles west of Tampa, moving north at 13 mph.
Alberto is expected to turn north-northwest and approach the northern U.S. Gulf Coast by Sunday night, making landfall near Pensacola by Monday morning. A tropical storm warning is in effect from Bonita Beach, Florida, to the Mississippi-Alabama border.
A subtropical storm like Alberto has a less defined and cooler center than a tropical storm, and its strongest winds are found farther from its center. Subtropical storms can develop into tropical storms, which in turn can strengthen into hurricanes.

British Prime Minister Theresa May faces a showdown with ministers and lawmakers in her Conservative party after refusing to back reform of Northern Ireland’s highly restrictive abortion rules after neighboring Ireland’s vote to liberalize its laws.
Voters in Ireland, a once deeply Catholic nation, backed the change by two-to-one, a far higher margin than any opinion poll in the run up to the vote had predicted. [L5N1SY0CM]
The prime minister is facing calls from within her cabinet and from opposition parties to scrap the strict rules on abortion in Northern Ireland, bringing the law in the province in line with the rest of the United Kingdom.
Penny Mordaunt, Britain’s women and equalities minister, said the victory to legalize abortion should now bring change north of the Irish border.
“A historic and great day for Ireland and a hopeful one for Northern Ireland,” Mordaunt said. “That hope must be met.”
A spokeswoman for May said on Sunday changing the rules should only be undertaken by a government in Northern Ireland, which has been without a devolved executive since January last year after a power-sharing agreement collapsed.

President Donald Trump’s lawyer flatly admitted that the White House is waging a fierce information campaign against special counsel Robert Mueller and his investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
The aim: to delegitimize the probe in the eyes of voters and lawmakers in Congress.
Rudy Giuliani, asked about the near-daily attacks on the probe, said on CNN’s “State of the Union” Sunday, “They are giving us the material. I couldn’t do it if I didn’t have the material. ... It is for public opinion.”
“Because eventually, the decision here is going to be: impeach, [or] not impeach,” he continued. “Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, are going to be informed a lot by their constituents. So our jury ... is the American people. And the American people ... Republicans largely, independents pretty substantially, and even Democrats now question the legitimacy of it.”
Trump in recent days has ratcheted up his attacks against the Russia investigation, the Justice Department and the FBI. He has claimed that the FBI had “infiltrated” and “spied” on his 2016 presidential campaign when the agency reportedly used an informant to make contact with Trump campaign advisers who allegedly had suspicious contacts linked to Russia. He also demanded the Justice Department investigate the accusations and turn over any relevant documents to Congress.
Meanwhile, Democrats who attended a classified briefing about the informant with top DOJ officials last week said they saw “no evidence to support any allegation that the FBI or any intelligence agency placed a spy in the Trump campaign.” Top Republicans who also attended the briefing have remained silent, however.

Lava from the Kilauea volcano has reached a geothermal power plant on the Big Island, approaching wells that have been capped to protect against the release of toxic gas should they mix with lava. 
The lava breached the property overnight and now is within 200 yards of the nearest well, said David Mace, a spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Asked about safety hazards, he replied: "I think it's safe to say authorities have been concerned about the flow of lava onto the plant property since the eruption started." 
A plant spokesman, Mike Kaleikini, told the news agency Hawaii News Now that the lava was as close as 130 feet from wells. He said there was no indication of the release of the poisonous gas hydrogen sulfide, the greatest fear should lava hit the wells. 
"As long as conditions are safe, we will have personnel on site. Primary concern is sulfur dioxide from the eruption and lava coming on site. We monitor for hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide on a continuous basis," Kaleikini said. 
Officials earlier this month carted away 50,000 gallons of potentially toxic gas away from the site, which lies on the southeast flank of the volcano, nestled between residential neighborhoods. They also capped the 11 wells at the property to try to prevent a breach. 
Lava-filled fissures have torn apart chunks of the southeastern side of the Big Island over the past three weeks as Kilauea has become more active. 

President Trump on Saturday called on Democrats to end a “horrible law” that he says separates children from their parents when they cross the border -- and also accused them of “protecting MS-13 thugs.”
“Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there [sic] parents once they cross the Border into the U.S.” he tweeted.
Trump made the remarks amid a pushback from Democrats and activists at a “zero tolerance” policy enforced by the Justice Department. That policy refers all illegal border crossings for prosecution, including illegal immigrants with children.
Those parents are housed at adult detention centers, and consequently their children are separated from them, registered as “unaccompanied minors” and handed to the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Trump has blamed Democrats for the separation of children from their parents before. Last week he told Homeland Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen that the breaking up of families occurred because of “bad laws that the Democrats gave us.”
The Associated Press reported that he appeared to be referring to a 2008 law to combat child trafficking -- a bipartisan law authored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., but signed into law by Republican President George W. Bush.
While the law says nothing about separating families, it does say that children travelling alone from countries other than Mexico and Canada must be released in the “least restrictive setting” -- namely a family or shelter. 
The Justice Department’s zero-tolerance policy, designed to deter prospective illegal immigrants, means that illegal immigrants are no longer released with their children into the U.S. and consequently that their children are separated from them.

The Supreme Court is heading into the final month of its term, facing decisions on gerrymandering, unions, gay rights, abortion and President Trump's travel ban.
This term's best-known case is a culture wars clash that pits equal rights for gay customers against a claim of religious liberty from a Christian store owner. It is one of three major cases that feature a "compelled speech" claim from conservatives who object to liberal state laws. The others involve union fees and California's required disclosures for crisis pregnancy centers.
The justices are expected to announce decisions on the first day of every work week between now and the end of June, and then adjourn for the summer.
Partisan gerrymandering: The court will decide a political line-drawing dispute that could determine which party controls Congress and many state legislatures in the decade ahead. At issue is whether state lawmakers may deliberately redraw election districts to ensure that a particular party controls most of the seats, even when most voters cast ballots for the other party. In the past, the court has struck down districts drawn along racial lines, but it has never struck down an election map because it was unfairly partisan. The justices are set to decide two cases on the issue. One from Wisconsin (Gill vs. Whitford) challenges a statewide map that assured Republicans at least 60% of the seats in its state House. The other, from Maryland (Benisek vs. Lamone), challenges a successful Democratic scheme to transform a Republican-held congressional district into a solidly Democratic one by shifting tens of thousands of voters.

Colombians have voted in the first presidential election since the government signed a peace agreement with the Farc rebel group in 2016.
Incumbent Juan Manuel Santos cannot stand again, after serving two terms.
The main contenders are conservative Ivan Duque, who has opposed the peace deal, and left-winger Gustavo Petro, an ex-guerrilla and former Bogota mayor.
Neither is expected to win 50% of the vote on Sunday, in which case they will face each other in a run-off in June.
Polls closed at 16:00 local time (21:00 GMT) and counting got under way.
Casting his vote in the capital Bogota, President Santos praised the peaceful atmosphere in which the election was taking place.
"So far not a single voting station has had to be moved for security reasons," he said in a televised address.
"It's been many decades since that has happened. In other words, these elections are going to be the most secure, the calmest."
President Santos, a centre-right politician, sought to end the decades-long conflict with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc), the country's main guerrilla group.

Giuseppe Conte, Italy's prime minister-designate, has abandoned his mandate to form a new government, the presidential palace has said. 
The announcement on Sunday came after a meeting between Conte and Italian President Sergio Mattarella to discuss a proposed list of cabinet members, in what would have been Italy's first populist government.
Conte's attempt at forming a government broke down after Mattarella refused to endorse Paolo Savona, a vocal critic of the European Union, for the post of minister of economy. 
Conte told reporters he "gave the maximum effort, attention, to carry out his task with the full collaboration" of Five Star Movement and League political parties. 
The move could open the way for renewed elections. 
Later on Sunday, the Italian president's office announced Mattarella had summoned Carlo Cottarelli for talks on Monday, signalling the former senior director at the International Monetary Fund might be asked to head a technocrat government.  

Qatar said it was banning products originating from the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain, almost a year after those states imposed an embargo on Doha, accusing it of supporting terrorism.
“Products originating from the blockading states, which as a result of the blockade cannot pass the Gulf Cooperation Council Customs Territory, have to undergo proper import inspections and customs procedures,” a government statement said late on Saturday.
“To protect the safety of consumers in the State of Qatar and to combat improper trafficking of goods, the government issued a directive to find new suppliers of the variety of goods impacted.”
The national Al Watan newspaper quoted a circular from the Ministry of Economy and Commerce telling traders and shops to stop dealing in products imported from the four countries. It said inspectors would monitor compliance with the policy.

Even as he reached a critical moment in his diplomatic efforts with North Korea and celebrated the release of a prisoner from Venezuela, President Trump spent much of Memorial Day weekend tweeting angrily from the White House about the media and the Russia investigation, continuing his strategy of trying to delegitimize the probe that has consumed him since his election.
"Who's going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt?" Trump tweeted Sunday morning.
It was unclear whom Trump was talking about, given that most of the people directly affected by the investigation have been limited to his inner circle and a handful of former campaign aides.
Trump instead referred to those hurt in romantic, generational terms.
"They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!" Trump continued.
