
President Trump has notified Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader, that he has canceled their much-anticipated meeting to discuss steps toward denuclearization and peace because of recent “tremendous anger and open hostility” by Pyongyang toward members of his administration.
In a letter dated Thursday to Mr. Kim, the American president left open the possibility that the two could meet in the future. But hours later, Mr. Trump warned that the United States and its allies are prepared to respond should “foolish or reckless acts be taken by North Korea.”
“I feel it is inappropriate, at this time, to have this long-planned meeting,” Mr. Trump wrote in the letter, referring to the summit that had been set for June 12 in Singapore.
But, he added, “You talk about your nuclear capabilities, but ours are so massive and powerful that I pray to God they will never have to be used.”
At a White House bill signing ceremony, Mr. Trump said the United States military is “more ready” than ever to respond to North Korea. He also maintained American sanctions — what he called “by far, the strongest” to be imposed — would continue to exert pressure on North Korea.

President Donald Trump in a tweet on Thursday morning lied and said that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper admitted there was a spy in his 2016 presidential campaign. That’s not true.
“Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign,” Trump wrote. “Large donors were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in US history. SPYGATE — a terrible thing!”
It is part of Trump’s ongoing attempts to bring “spygate” into the lexicon and fuel a conspiracy theory that the FBI spent a spy to infiltrate his campaign. He jumped on the narrative following reporting last week from the New York Times and the Washington Post that the FBI sent an informant to talk to Trump campaign advisers after the bureau found evidence that the campaign had suspicious contacts with Russia in the early stages of the Russia investigation. The informant, an academic whom both publications declined to identify, made contact with George Papadopoulos and Carter Page and, according to the Post, Sam Clovis in 2016.
Trump and his allies have falsely claimed the informant was a “spy,” and Trump has asked the Department of Justice to investigate whether the FBI infiltrated or surveilled his campaign.

The missile that downed a Malaysia Airlines flight over eastern Ukraine in 2014 belonged to a Russian brigade, international investigators say.
For the first time, the Dutch-led team said the missile had come from a unit based in western Russia.
All 298 people on board the Boeing 777 died when it broke apart in mid-air flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur.
It was hit by a missile fired from rebel-held territory in Ukraine. Russia says none of its weapons was used.
But on Thursday Wilbert Paulissen, a Dutch official from the Joint Investigation Team (JIT), told reporters: "All the vehicles in a convoy carrying the missile were part of the Russian armed forces."
He restated the JIT's conclusion that the plane had been destroyed by a Russian-made Buk missile, adding that it had been supplied by the country's 53rd anti-aircraft brigade in Kursk.
At a news conference in the Dutch city of Utrecht, the investigators also showed social media pictures which they said traced the route the missile convoy had taken to reach eastern Ukraine.

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) released on Thursday their forecast for this year’s hurricane season.
Forecasters predict the hurricane season will be normal or above-normal.
They believe there is a 70 chance of 10 to 16 named storms, of which five to nine could become hurricanes. Between one to four could be a Category 3 or higher.
“With the advances made in hardware and computing over the course of the last year, the ability of NOAA scientists to both predict the path of storms and warn Americans who may find themselves in harm’s way is unprecedented,” said Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. “The devastating hurricane season of 2017 demonstrated the necessity for prompt and accurate hurricane forecasts.”
Hurricane season is from June 1 to Nov. 30.

A 21-month-old child who was injured when a street racer struck and killed her mother in Tampa, Fla., earlier this week is not expected to survive either, according to police.
Jessica Reisinger, 24, was pushing her toddler's stroller through a crosswalk Tuesday when they were hit by a black Ford Mustang driven by 18-year-old Cameron Herrin. The man was allegedly racing with a gold Nissan sedan on the city’s Bayshore Boulevard.
Fox 13 obtained an arrest affidavit on Wednesday stating that the toddler, Lillia Raubenolt, is likely to succumb to her injuries. She and her mother had come to Tampa from their home in Ohio, for a visit.
Police said that Reisinger was making a legal crossing at the divided four-lane road, on which the two cars were seen speeding and changing lanes prior to the collision, according to witnesses.
Police told the Tampa Bay Times that speeding is an ongoing issue on the waterfront boulevard that runs through one of the city’s most affluent neighborhoods.
Herrin and his 20-year-old brother Tristan, who was riding in the Mustang, were arrested along with the driver of the Nissan, 17-year-old John Barrineau.

A woman who said a Texas state trooper sexually assaulted her could face charges herself, after body cam video released by Texas Department of Public Safety shows no evidence of officer misconduct. 
Sherita Dixon-Cole accused DPS trooper Daniel Hubbard of “forcefully groping” her in a sexual assault inside and outside of his cruiser during a traffic stop last weekend. Her claims were shared more than 50,000 times online, thanks to posts by Dixon-Cole’s attorney Lee Merritt and social activist Shaun King.
Merritt said his office had been retained to represent Dixon-Cole for a civil rights violation arising from sexual assault allegations she had made regarding Hubbard and the activities that followed during the arrest.
During the traffic stop, Hubbard arrested Dixon-Cole for driving while intoxicated. She was taken to the Ellis County jail and charged with DWI. In the two-hour video, Hubbard approaches the vehicle, asks Dixon-Cole why she didn't stop sooner after he turned on his lights, administered field sobriety tests and determined she was intoxicated. None of the allegations can be seen.

A U.S. Customs and Border Patrol agent shot and killed a migrant woman along the U.S.-Mexico border on Wednesday, according to officials.
Agency personnel told BuzzFeed News that a Border Patrol officer shot the woman in the head, killing her, during a skirmish with immigrants in Rio Bravo, Texas.
The migrants were armed with "blunt objects" according to Border Patrol agents, but it wasn't clear if the woman who died was armed.
A video shot by a bystander, Rio Bravo resident Marta Martinez, shows agents screaming "see what happens? See what you caused?" to the migrants, who were detained by agents after the shooting occurred. Martinez can be heard on camera berating the agents for the woman's death.
Martinez told BuzzFeed that she does not believe the agents were under attack when they fired the shot, killing the unidentified woman.
"The girl was in the grass and trees, to me she was hiding," Martinez said. "They're saying they threw rocks at the agents but the two migrants were scared and the one guy was scared. They didn't have rocks in their hands."
Data released by the agency shows a 73 percent jump in attacks on Border Patrol agents over the last year. But those statistics were thrown into question by an Intercept report that claimed the agency was inflating the numbers, including one incident that was apparently counted as 126 different assaults.

The House overwhelmingly passed a $717 billion defense policy bill on Thursday, despite concerns from some lawmakers over provisions that would endorse a new class of tactical nuclear weapons and seek cuts to a slew of Pentagon support agencies.
The vote was 351 to 66.
Advocates of the National Defense Authorization Act said the legislation would build on promises by President Donald Trump and defense hawks on Capitol Hill to build up U.S. military might.
"The best way to summarize this bill is that it takes the next steps," Armed Services Chairman Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) said on the House floor. "The next steps to rebuilding our military and reforming the Pentagon, the next steps towards strengthening our country's national security."
The Senate Armed Services Committee, meanwhile, approved it version of the annual policy bill in closed session Wednesday. But Senate leaders have not yet said when they plan to consider the legislation.
A whopping 131 Democrats joined 220 Republicans to support the measure. Only seven Republicans broke with their party to oppose the bill.
The bill’s wide passage Thursday also stands in stark contrast to the disastrous failure last week of the House farm bill another must-pass policy measure.

China’s Defence Ministry expressed regret on Thursday after the United States withdrew an invitation to China to attend a major U.S.-hosted naval drill, saying that closing the door does not promote mutual trust and cooperation.
The Rim of the Pacific exercise, known as RIMPAC and previously attended by China, is billed as the world’s largest international maritime exercise and held every two years in Hawaii in June and July.
RIMPAC enabled the armed forces of the world’s two largest economies to directly engage with each other. It was viewed by both countries as a way to ease tensions and reduce the risk of miscalculation should they meet under less friendly circumstances.
The Pentagon said the withdrawal of the invitation was in response to what it sees as Beijing’s militarization of islands in the disputed South China Sea, a strategic waterway claimed in large part by Beijing.
In a brief statement, China’s Defence Ministry said the United States had “ignored the facts and hyped up the so-called ‘militarization’ of the South China Sea”, using it as an excuse to uninvite China.

Britain's secret service will air its first recruitment advert on national TV later in a bid to encourage more women and ethnic minorities to join MI6.
The intelligence officers would help find new secret agents and check information gathered is legitimate.
The poisoning of a Russian ex-spy and his daughter in Salisbury resulted in a surge of applications, officials say.
But they want to broaden their reach, and say they want people who "challenge the status quo".
The latest official figures from March 2016 showed 24.1% of senior staff and 37.8% of non-senior staff were women.
There were also no British, Black, Asian, and minority ethnic (BAME) members among the senior ranks and they accounted for just 6.8% of the non-senior staff.
The advert, which will be shown in a break during Channel 4 News at around 19:30 BST, begins with an image of a shark - stereotypically a depiction of "evil" in James Bond films.
But later it turns to a mother comforting a child and tells viewers MI6 wants people who have understanding and emotional skills.
"Secretly, we're just like you" is the tagline of the campaign.

The government of former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak used money raised from a deal with sovereign wealth fund Khazanah Nasional Berhad to pay for some of the liabilities of state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), two sources told Reuters.
Khazanah paid the government 1.2 billion ringgit ($301.05 million) in mid-2017 in exchange for redeemable shares that the finance ministry owned, the sources said, adding that the funds were used to pay some of 1MDB’s dues to Abu Dhabi fund IPIC.
1MDB had agreed to pay $1.2 billion to IPIC as part of a settlement agreement reached in April 2017 after 1MDB defaulted on its bonds.
The finance ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Khazanah told Reuters in an e-mail that the ministry of finance exercised its right in August 2017 to redeem outstanding Redeemable Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares amounting to 1.2 billion ringgit, which were issued to the ministry in 2011.

Taiwanese media say Burkina Faso is breaking diplomatic ties with Taiwan in the latest blow to the self-ruled island that Beijing has been trying to isolate on the global stage.
The official Central News Agency reported Thursday that the West African nation's move means Taiwan is recognized as a sovereign nation by only 18 mainly small, developing countries.
Earlier this month, the Dominican Republic established diplomatic relations with China and severed ties with Taiwan.
The news agency said the island's foreign minister would hold a briefing Thursday.
Beijing has been seeking to increase pressure on Taiwan's independence-leaning President Tsai Ing-wen. Tsai's ruling Democratic Progressive Party says it wants stable relations with China, but hasn't followed Tsai's predecessor, Ma Ying-jeou, in endorsing the "one China" principle.
