
South Korean President Moon Jae-in held a surprise meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Saturday to ensure a summit between Kim and U.S. President Donald Trump goes off successfully, South Korean officials said.
It was the clearest sign yet that the on-again off-again summit between Trump and Kim is likely to be held as initially agreed, in Singapore on June 12.
The unannounced meeting at the Panmunjom border village between Moon and Kim came a month after they held the first inter-Korean summit in more than a decade at the same venue and declared they would toward a nuclear-free Korean peninsula.
"The two leaders candidly exchanged views about making the North Korea-U.S. summit a successful one and about implementing the Panmunjom Declaration," South Korea's presidential spokesman said in a statement.
Moon, who returned to Seoul earlier this week after a meeting with Trump, will announce details of the meeting with Kim on Sunday morning.
Trump said on Friday that Washington was having "productive talks" with Pyongyang about reinstating the June 12 meeting, just a day after cancelling it.
Politico magazine reported that an advance team of 30 White House and State Department officials was preparing to leave for Singapore later this weekend.

Ireland has voted by a landslide to liberalize its highly restrictive abortion laws in a referendum that its prime minister called the culmination of a “quiet revolution” in what was one of Europe’s most socially conservative countries.
Voters in the once deeply Catholic nation were estimated to have backed the change by more than two-to-one, according to two exit polls released on Friday evening, and the government plans to bring in legislation by the end of the year.
“It’s incredible. For all the years and years and years we’ve been trying to look after women and not been able to look after women, this means everything,” said Mary Higgins, obstetrician and Together For Yes campaigner.
With results declared in just over half of the 40 voting constituencies, 67 percent backed the proposal. Final results were due later on Saturday.
“The public have spoken. The result appears to be resounding ... in favor of repealing the 8th Amendment” constitutional ban on abortion, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, who campaigned for repeal, told journalists in Dublin.
“What we see is the culmination of a quiet revolution that has been taking place in Ireland over the last couple of decades,” said Varadkar, who became Ireland’s first openly gay prime minister last year.
The outcome is the latest milestone on a path of change for a country which only legalized divorce by a razor thin majority in 1995 before becoming the first in the world to adopt gay marriage by popular vote three years ago.

An American man was freed from captivity in Venezuela on Saturday after being imprisoned by the South American country for nearly two years, officials said.
Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, announced the release of Joshua Holt, 26, in a statement on Saturday and said that Holt and his wife Thamy Holt were on their way home to the United States.
"Over the last two years I've worked with two Presidential administrations, countless diplomatic contacts, ambassadors from all over the world, a network of contacts in Venezuela, and President Maduro himself, and I could not be more honored to be able to reunite Josh with his sweet, long-suffering family in Riverton," Hatch wrote.
Holt flew to Venezuela approximately two years ago to marry Thamy Holt, a Mormon woman he met online.
Venezuelan law enforcement allege that the American man had stockpiled weapons in his wife's family's apartment inside a public housing complex in Caracas, the nation's capital. The two have been held without trial since they were arrested shortly after the wedding in 2016.

An Indiana middle school science teacher is being hailed as a hero after students and parents say he intervened as a student opened fire in his classroom Friday morning.
Jason Seaman, a seventh-grade science teacher and football coach at Noblesville West Middle School, was shot several times after police say a boy in his class asked to be excused and returned with two handguns, shooting Seaman and a 13-year-old girl.
Multiple students and parents told IndyStar Friday that Seaman stepped in to stop the shooter. It was not immediately clear how he did so.
In a written statement provided to IndyStar by Fox59, Seaman confirmed he was injured and thanking first responders. 
"First of all, thank you to the first responders from Noblesville and Fishers for their immediate action and care," Seaman said. "I want to let everyone know that I was injured but am doing great. To all students, you are all wonderful and I thank you for your support. You are the reason I teach."

When it was revealed that a U.S. firm with ties to Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg had paid Michael Cohen half a million dollars, the firm, Columbus Nova, assured the oligarch had nothing to do with it. “Columbus Nova is an investment management company solely owned and controlled by Americans,” the company assured. “Neither Viktor Vekselberg nor anyone else outside of Columbus Nova was involved in the decision to hire Cohen or provided funding for his engagement.”
We still have no proof that's not the case, but it just got more difficult to believe Vekselberg was a bystander. And it could complicate both Cohen's legal situation and the Russia investigation.
The New York Times and CNN both reported Friday that Vekselberg joined Columbus Nova head Andrew Intrater at a meeting with Cohen at Trump Tower on Jan. 9, 2017 — 11 days before Donald Trump was inaugurated.
Why is that significant? Well, it's actually the second known meeting between the three of them, with the (previously known) first one being on at Trump's inauguration on January 20. And Intrater told the Times there was also a third meeting after the inauguration.

The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced Friday that it would allow 15,000 more seasonal workers into the country in 2018 under the H-2B visa program, available to businesses at risk of failing without the increased workforce.
In a statement, Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said the move was meant to counter limitations on the program that had caused "a situation where the program unintentionally harms American businesses."
"We are once again in a situation where Congress has passed the buck and turned a decision over to DHS that would be better situated with Congress, who knows the needs of the program. As Secretary, I remain committed to protecting U.S. workers and strengthening the integrity of our lawful immigration system and look forward to working with Congress to do so," Nielsen added in her statement.
Nielsen's decision, which came after consult with Labor Secretary Alex Acosta, follows a report finding that Maryland's crab industry lost nearly half of its workforce due to the Trump administration's tightening controls on the visa system.
Some companies that applied for visas earlier remained fully staffed, while others found themselves without a seasonal workforce at all.

Devin Nunes, the California congressman whose allegiance to Donald Trump has made him public enemy number one to many Democrats, is beginning to feel the heat back home.
His little-known challenger is awash in cash from across the country as a result of Nunes’ polarizing role in the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. An independent expenditure campaign has posted hostile billboards along Highway 99, the heavily traveled main road through Nunes’ Central Valley district.
On Wednesday, a report in the Fresno Bee linked Nunes to a winery that allegedly held a wild cocaine-and-prostitutes evening yacht cruise — a winery where the congressman is a part-owner.
Yet Nunes isn’t blinking. In response to the first real challenge of his career, the House Intelligence Committee chairman recently raised a dizzying $2.3 million in just over six weeks — nearly as much as he raised in his entire 2016 campaign.
He now holds more cash on hand — in excess of $5 million — than any other Republican House incumbent in California.
“It’s a lot to raise in six weeks, and it’s a lot in a district like his,” said Bill Whalen, a former speechwriter for Gov. Pete Wilson and a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.

First-hand accounts by Las Vegas police about their roles in the mass shooting last October that killed 58 people and wounded hundreds at an outdoor concert were released this week, offering a new perspective on the deadliest mass shooting in modern America.
It was the third major release this month in response to a public records request and a court ruling requiring the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department to provide documents, body camera footage and 911 call records. Wednesday's release of about 2,000 pages included more witness statements and interviews with staff at the Mandalay Bay hotel — where the shooter was staying and carried out the slaughter. More materials are expected to be released in the coming weeks.
Dozens of the officers' reports paint a harrowing — yet often a more clinical — view of what happened that night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from his 32nd-floor suite — taking aim at 22,000 attending the Route 91 Harvest country music festival.
Officers described feeling fear. One questioned God. Amid the chaos, another recounted remembering seemingly trivial items — like a victim looking for his friend while still clutching a can of Bud Light.
Some of the reports are short — just a few lines. Others are detailed, with a few leading into the shooting by describing what they were doing prior to tragedy. One was busting prostitutes. Another was on a jog near his home. Some were working security for a Las Vegas Golden Knights NHL preseason game. One officer had spent the day celebrating his child's birthday.

Saudi Arabia's powerful crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, has won international plaudits for his program to transform the reclusive and deeply conservative kingdom.
So the recent arrests of a handful of women’s rights activists, ranging in age from their 20s to their 70s, were met with widespread surprise and condemnation.
But while the latest detentions have drawn criticism, they come amid a much wider crackdown on those who have called for changes in the absolute monarchy or fail to publicly support the prince.
While engaging in an international charm offensive to publicize his sweeping plans to transform Saudi society and economy, the 32-year-old prince has also presided over waves of detentions — of intellectuals and clerics, officials and billionaire businessmen accused of corruption, and now the women’s rights activists.
"We have seen through the crackdown on activists, writers and social media users that the Saudi Arabian authorities have no tolerance for dissent, peaceful calls for reform, or anyone who dares to speak out against the country’s domestic or foreign policy," said Dana Ahmed, Amnesty International's campaigner for Saudi Arabia.
Even so, the timing of the latest moves — just weeks before the much-vaunted lifting of a ban on women driving — as well as the harshness of an accompanying media campaign, surprised seasoned Saudi observers.
“What I find particularly galling is the emergence in the Saudi press of claims these guys were traitors,” said Michael Stephens, a Middle East expert at the Royal United Services Institute, a think tank in London. “I just don’t know why they thought this was OK.”

The EU’s Brexit negotiator urged the British government on Saturday to stop playing “hide and seek” over its aims for trade ties and warned that delays in agreeing on judicial oversight risk wrecking any Brexit deal.
In pointed remarks after an ill-tempered week of talks in Brussels, Michel Barnier insisted he would not be intimidated by what he called a “blame game” from London of accusing the EU of inflexibility in rejecting British demands for close cooperation on security, trade and other issues after Brexit.
In the text of a speech in Portugal to experts in EU law, he accused British leaders of failing to understand that it was the unique legal structures of the EU, to which Britain had contributed for 45 years, which underpinned trust among member states. These, he said, could not be extended to a non-member.
The former French minister’s comments come two days after an EU official dismissed as “fantasy” London’s ideas for a customs deal, the border with Ireland and other issues.
British ministers said those remarks were not “helpful”. Both sides are hoping to make progress on a treaty before Prime Minister Theresa May meets the other 27 EU national leaders in a month in Brussels. They aim to agree a treaty by October.

Iran will decide within weeks whether to stay in a faltering deal to restrain its nuclear program and is pressing Europe to compensate for President Trump’s decision to reimpose sanctions, a senior Iranian official said Friday.
The official warned that Tehran could also pull out from a separate treaty that limits the spread of nuclear weapons.
The caution came ahead of the first talks involving all the remaining parties to the landmark 2015 deal since the United States pulled out this month. 
An official report Thursday declared that Iran is still in compliance with the stringent controls on its nuclear program.
Iran has long declared that its program is limited to the peaceful generation of nuclear energy and production of medical isotopes. If it were to pull out of the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and the 1970 Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) and seek nuclear weapons, it could spark an arms race in the already volatile Middle East.
The United States and Israel have also warned that an Iranian nuclear weapons program would be countered with force.

Cyclone Mekunu blew into the Arabian Peninsula early Saturday, drenching arid Oman and Yemen, cutting off power lines and leaving at least five people dead and more than 30 missing, officials said.
Portions of Salalah, Oman's third-largest city, lost electricity as the cyclone made landfall. The Arabian Sea churned Saturday morning, sending mounds of sea foam into the air. The waves ate into one tourist beach, pulling hunks of it away and toppling thatch umbrellas cemented into the sand.
As Mekunu barreled overhead, the eye of the storm provided a moment's respite. At one luxury hotel, which already had evacuated its guests, workers sat down early for "suhoor," a meal Muslims eat before sunrise during the holy fasting month of Ramadan. They laughed and shared plates by flashlight in a darkened ballroom, the cyclone's wind a dull roar behind their clatter.
Three people, including a 12-year-old girl, died in Oman, and another two bodies were recovered from the Yemeni island of Socotra, which bore the brunt of the storm, according to local officials in both countries. More than 30 people were still missing in Socotra, including Yemeni, Indian and Sudanese nationals.
Yemeni officials also reported damage in the country's far east, along the border with Oman. Rageh Bakrit, the governor of al-Mahra province, said on his official Twitter account late Friday that strong winds had blown down houses and taken out communication lines and water services. He did not say whether there were any casualties.
