
Less than 24 hours after President Trump sent notice to North Korea that he was canceling next month's summit with Kim Jong Un, Trump told reporters Friday that the meeting could still happen as planned.
Using one of his favorite phrases, Trump told reporters, "We'll see what happens," adding, "it could even be the 12th." The original summit date was June 12.
Trump said, "We're talking to them now. They very much want to do it. We'd like to do it. We'll see what happens."
Asked by a reporter whether North Korea was playing games with him, Trump responded that "everybody plays games, you know that better than anybody."
Trump seemed pleased by the conciliatory tone of a North Korean statement issued after the summit was canceled Thursday, saying Pyongyang was "willing to give the U.S. time and opportunities" to reconsider talks "at any time at any format," according to The Associated Press.
Trump tweeted that it was "very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!"
Defense Secretary James Mattis also sounded an optimistic note, telling reporters at the Pentagon there is "possibly some good news" about the summit, saying that "if our diplomats can pull it off," the meeting may be back on. Mattis called the maneuvering "the usual give-and-take" of trying to put together big summits.

Rose McGowan made three televised appearances on Friday in reaction to the news that Harvey Weinstein, the disgraced Hollywood mogul that she and more than 80 other women have accused of sexual misconduct, had surrendered himself to authorities. More than seven months after the allegations first broke in late 2017, Weinstein was charged with first- and third-degree rape and a criminal sex act in the first degree for forcible sexual acts against two women in 2013 and 2004, respectively.
The night before on Thursday evening, Rose McGowan, who has accused Weinstein of rape and is as an activist in the #MeToo era, posted about his arrest on Instagram.
"I, and so many of Harvey Weinstein’s survivors, had given up hope that our rapist would be held accountable by law. Twenty years ago, I swore that I would right this wrong. Today we are one step closer to justice. We were young women who were assaulted by Weinstein and later terrorized by his vast network of complicity," she wrote. "I stand with my fellow survivors. May his arrest give hope to all victims and survivors everywhere that are telling their truths."
In a video interview with the Associated Press posted early Friday morning, McGowan revealed that she is looking forward to attending any of Weinstein's upcoming trials. "If I'm allowed to, I will attend," she said. "And hopefully that will actually heal a lot of the kind of trauma I get whenever I see his face or whenever I hear his name or whenever I have to read or hear that he says it was consensual."

A boy in the class asked to be excused then returned to class with two handguns, Noblesville Police Chief Kevin Jowitt said.
A teacher and a student were injured when the boy started shooting, Jowitt said.
Teacher stopped the shooting, parents say
The teacher injured in the Noblesville West Middle School shooting Friday morning has been identified as Jason Seaman, according to multiple parents interviewed by IndyStar who have children in the school.
Parents also described how Seaman intervened to help stop the shooter.
Seaman has been a science teacher for Noblesville schools for nearly four years, according to his LinkedIn profile. He also has been a football coach for seventh-graders for two years.
Jeremie Lovall said his daughter, a seventh-grader in the school, was in the classroom when the shooting started. She called her dad, who lives in Kokomo, to tell him she was OK.
“She kept saying, ‘I saw my teacher get shot,’” Lovall said.

I left Bucharest, Romania, where I currently live, at 4 am on May 19. By the time I landed in my hometown in County Kerry, on the southwest coast of Ireland, I was bleary-eyed and full of adrenaline. Years of campaigning from generations of Irish women fighting for safe, legal access to abortion was finally being put to a vote — it was exhilarating.
I’m a 24-year-old writer. When my partner and I learned the date for the abortion vote was confirmed, we set aside money and booked flights home. Ireland does not have a postal voting system, so Irish citizens living abroad must return to the country to vote. Irish citizens from all over the world have been flying home to make their voices heard this Friday, the day of the referendum vote.
Many of them are posting their journeys on social media with the hashtag #HomeToVote. Scrolling through the hundreds of posts alongside my own plane selfie on Twitter was incredibly heartening — it made me realize that Irish people all over the world wanted the same change as I did. Repeal felt possible.
The law in question is the eighth amendment to the Irish constitution, added in 1983. It states: “the right to life of the unborn and, with due regard to the equal right to life of the mother, guarantees in its laws to respect, and as far as practicable, by its laws to defend and vindicate that right.” Essentially dictating that a fetus is as entitled to life as the woman who is carrying it, the Eighth Amendment has resulted in one of the most restrictive bans on abortion anywhere in the developed world. The only abortion that is legal — from conception onward — is one carried out when there is a “real and substantial” risk to the life of the woman.

Eleven days before the presidential inauguration last year, a billionaire Russian businessman with ties to the Kremlin visited Trump Tower in Manhattan to meet with Donald J. Trump’s personal lawyer and fixer, Michael D. Cohen, according to video footage and another person who attended the meeting.
In Mr. Cohen’s office on the 26th floor, he and the oligarch, Viktor Vekselberg, discussed a mutual desire to strengthen Russia’s relations with the United States under President Trump, according to Andrew Intrater, an American businessman who attended the meeting and invests money for Mr. Vekselberg. The men also arranged to see one another during the inauguration festivities, the second of their three meetings, Mr. Intrater said.
Days after the inauguration, Mr. Intrater’s private equity firm, Columbus Nova, awarded Mr. Cohen a $1 million consulting contract, a deal that has drawn the attention of federal authorities investigating Mr. Cohen, according to people briefed on the inquiry.
Mr. Intrater said in an interview that Mr. Vekselberg, his cousin and biggest client, had no role in Columbus Nova’s decision to hire Mr. Cohen as a consultant. When asked about the meeting at Trump Tower during the presidential transition, Mr. Intrater described it as a brief and impromptu discussion, and said that Mr. Vekselberg had not originally planned to attend.
“Obviously, if I’d known in January 2017 that I was about to hire this high-profile guy who’d wind up in this big mess, I wouldn’t have introduced him to my biggest client, and wouldn’t have hired him at all,” Mr. Intrater said. He agreed to be interviewed about his dealings with Mr. Cohen, he said, because he had done nothing wrong.

Health care premiums are projected to skyrocket this year, after the Trump administration and the Republican Congress wreaked havoc on insurance markets by meddling with the Affordable Care Act. Those changes have devastated families’ budgets, and voters now seem ready to return the favor this fall, citing health care as a top issue heading into the midterm elections.
In a way, this is a restoring of political order. For a generation, the promise of health care reform helped Democrats, including me, win elections. Our decision to deliver on that promise with the ACA became a political liability during the last decade. In the 2010 midterm election, I—and dozens of my Democratic colleagues in Congress—were swept out of office in the wake of our support for Obamacare, which Republicans have seized on as an issue ever since.
But the past few years have produced a sea change, as people across the country enjoy the benefits of the ACA. Democrats running this year should focus not only on rebutting Republican attacks on the ACA, but on bolder health care reforms. The past year reminds voters of a simple fact—one party is fighting to secure affordable care for every American, and the other party is working to tear that care down.
The actions by this Republican Congress are costing American families hundreds of dollars a year in higher premiums, as a result of both new laws they’ve enacted and actions across the board to sabotage the Affordable Care Act. These costs are not abstract or partisan. They are felt painfully at kitchen tables across red and blue America. As voters learn more about who caused these cost spikes, they are threatening to hold accountable the 217 Republicans in the House and 49 Republicans in the Senate who have repeatedly voted to repeal the ACA.

The National Hurricane Center began issuing advisories for Subtropical Storm Alberto at 11 a.m. Friday.
Subtropical Storm Alberto is located near the Caribbean coast of the Yucatan Peninsula and is forecast to move north into the Gulf of Mexico. There is a chance it could reach hurricane intensity near the northern Gulf Coast -- not in the vicinity of South Florida.
There is a slight chance it could reach hurricane intensity near the northern Gulf Coast, but not in the vicinity of South Florida.
The threats for South Florida and the Florida peninsula are periods of very heavy rain and gusty winds including isolated tornadoes. Three to 7 inches of rain is forecast over South Florida between now and next Wednesday, with some local areas seeing 10 inches or more. The rain associated with the storm is expected to begin in earnest after sunrise Saturday. See the rainfall map below.
Threats along the northern Gulf coast will include flooding rain, winds strong enough to take out power including tornadoes, and local storm surge flooding at the coast.
The satellite picture below shows where the center of the disturbance is currently located, near the Yucatan Coast. The center is forecast to arc to the north, dragging the tropical rain with it.

Rachel Dolezal, the former Washington state NAACP president thrust into the spotlight after media revealed she was a white woman posing as black, is facing welfare fraud charges.
Dolezal, who legally changed her name to Nkechi Diallo in 2016, could face up to 15 years in prison after authorities say she received thousands of dollars in public assistance. She’s accused of welfare fraud, perjury and false verification for public assistance, TV station KHQ reports. 
Court documents obtained by KHQ show the mother who identifies as “transracial” illegally received $8,747 in food assistance and $100 in childcare assistance from August 2015 through November 2017.
In February of 2017, she talked about how she was living on food stamps in an interview with The Guardian, saying the only work she's been offered was in reality TV and pornography. At that time, she said she was worried about becoming homeless. She has two biological sons.  
The following month, she published a book, In Full Color: Finding My Place in a Black and White World, causing Washington State Department of Social and Health Services to become skeptical of her income reports of less than $500 a month.

Mark Pawsey faces a Brexit dilemma. While a majority in the Conservative lawmaker’s central England constituency voted to leave the European Union, many of them work at nearby Jaguar Land Rover or its suppliers—and he fears trade barriers could put their jobs at risk.
So Pawsey, who has represented Rugby for eight years and voted Remain in the 2016 referendum, wants the government to keep Britain in a customs union with the EU after Brexit to prevent major new obstacles to trade.
And there are enough members of Parliament who think like him to force Prime Minister Theresa May to concede, in what would be a dramatic climbdown that could put her leadership in doubt.
“More and more MPs are beginning to mutter under their breath that they might have to act on the customs union, and actually put their head above the parapet,” said former Culture Minister Ed Vaizey.
May needs to navigate the rival demands of Conservative lawmakers with wildly different views of what Brexit should look like. But while hardliners like Jacob Rees-Mogg share their views freely to apply pressure, many who back closer EU ties are keeping a lower profile.

Swedish residents will have to get explicit consent from their sexual partners before contact or it will be considered rape, according to a new law adopted Wednesday.
“It is no longer necessary for the offender to use violence or threats, or to exploit the victim’s particularly vulnerable situation” for a rape charge to be brought forward, the law states.
Swedish lawmakers approved the measure by a vote of 257-38 with 54 absentees. The law will go into effect July 1.
The law stops short of making expressed consent a condition for sexual contact, but states that a person cannot passively agree to sex, according to BBC.
“If a person wants to engage in sexual activities with someone who remains inactive or gives ambiguous signals, he or she will therefore have to find out if the other person is willing,” the law says.
The law also brings two new crimes – negligent rape and negligent sexual abuse. Both carry a four-year prison term.

Canadian police have launched a huge manhunt for two suspects who set off a homemade bomb at a restaurant in a Toronto suburb.
Peel Regional Police has asked for the public's help to identify the men behind the "horrendous act", which injured 15 people, three critically.
Two suspects entered the Bombay Bhel restaurant in Mississauga and detonated the improvised bomb on Thursday night.
The pair then fled the scene after the blast at 22:30 local time.
"There is no indication this is a terrorist act," Peel Regional Police Chief Jennifer said, "no indication this is a hate crime."
But she noted investigators are not ruling out any particular motive at this early stage in the investigation.
Police issued CCTV footage of the two suspects, describing them both as men around 5ft 10in tall with light or fair skin, and appealing for help identifying them.
One man was described as "stocky" and in his mid-20s, while the other was of thin build. Both wore blue jeans and dark hoodies, and had covered their faces.

When Emmanuel Macron visited the White House a month ago, commentators nicknamed the French president the "Trump Whisperer" for establishing a close personal rapport with President Trump.
Now Macron is in Russia, where he is sidling up to Vladimir Putin on a two-day trip to St. Petersburg, the splendorous czarist-era imperial capital and the Russian president's hometown.
When Putin welcomed him on Thursday, Macron addressed the Russian leader as "cher Vladimir" ("dear Vladimir"), harking back to France's historical ties to Russia and calling on the two countries to look to the future instead of dwelling on recent "misunderstandings."
"For the Kremlin, the mere fact that Macron came is important, since there were doubts that this visit would even take place," said Tatiana Stanovaya, a Russian political analyst based in France. "Just the fact that European leaders aren't refusing dialogue is important for the Kremlin."
Since Russia's occupation and annexation of Crimea from Ukraine four years ago, Western leaders have largely avoided meeting Putin, with U.S. Presidents Obama and Trump limiting their personal contacts to the margins of big international gatherings. Russian state television is triumphantly reporting that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde are joining Macron at St. Petersburg's annual economic forum, proving that Russia's supposed isolation is a myth.
Macron agreed to visit Russia after inviting Putin to Versailles just weeks after the French leader's inauguration last year. The invitation took Moscow by surprise, says Stanovaya, especially as the Kremlin had made no secret of its support for Macron's far-right nationalist opponent Marine Le Pen, whom Putin received in Moscow a month before France's 2017 presidential election.
