
The United States is likely to impose steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada, Mexico and the EU Thursday, according to a source familiar with the decision.
The source, who preferred to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the situation, said the tariff decision is coming this morning and is "99.9" percent done. The U.S. expects the EU will retaliate in due course.
Metal producers in the countries affected had been granted a temporary exemption from the tariffs earlier this year, but they are due to expire Friday.
The tariffs were originally announced on March 1 when President Donald Trump said that the United States was being treated unfairly.
"People have no idea how badly our country has been treated by other countries. By people representing us who didn't have a clue," Trump said, arguing that trade trends "destroyed" American steel and aluminum industries.
On Wednesday, a trade delegation led by U.S. Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross, met with European Union counterparts in Paris but those talks appear to have failed.
Prior to the expected announcement, the French Finance Minister, Bruno Le Maire, said Thursday that Europe would take "all necessary measures" to respond. The EU has previously said it will impose its own tariffs on U.S. products such as motorcycles and jeans.

President Trump has pardoned conservative commentator Dinesh D'Souza, who pleaded guilty in 2014 to making illegal campaign contributions in other people's names.
On Twitter on Thursday, Trump said D'Souza was "treated very unfairly by our government."
D'Souza is a best-selling author and successful filmmaker who served as an adviser in Ronald Reagan's administration. He's also a prominent Christian activist; he used to be the president of a Christian college but resigned after he became engaged to one woman while still married to another. He is also a former commentator on NPR.
In 2014, when he was charged with violating federal election campaign laws, D'Souza alleged that he was the victim of selective prosecution, targeted for his conservative beliefs. He had been sharply critical of Barack Obama, whose administration prosecuted him.
A judge rejected that defense, calling it "all hat, no cattle." Then-Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, who prosecuted the case, emphatically denied any political motivation.
"As our office's record reflects, we will investigate and prosecute violations of federal law, particularly those that undermine the integrity of the democratic electoral process, without regard to the defendant's political persuasion or party affiliation," he said in 2014. "That is what we did in this case and what we will continue to do."

Turns out Kim Jong Un might be as big of a fast food fan as Trump.
According to a new U.S. intelligence assessment, while the North Korean leader is no longer willing to give up his nuclear weapons, he said he may open a “Western hamburger franchise in Pyongyang as a show of goodwill,” NBC reports.
This consolation prize of sorts is said to have possibly been suggested by Kim as a way to gain favor with the burger-loving president.
In 2016 at a campaign rally in Atlanta, Trump said he’d invite Kim to the U.S. for a state dinner, but instead of doing something formal, the two would simply dine on the fast-food American staple.
“We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table, and we should make better deals with China and others and forget the state dinners,” Trump said.
POTUS’ love of burgers has been well-documented in the past, from his reported go-to McDonald’s order of two Big Macs to his request for an American-beef burger during a lunch in Tokyo with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.

President Trump targeted Bob Iger in the wake of the controversy surrounding Roseanne Barr, asking why the Disney CEO did not apologize for a corrected ABC News report late last year. 
"Iger, where is my call of apology?" Trump asked in a tweet early Thursday.
"You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!" he added.
The report, which the network was forced to correct, said the president had directed former national security adviser Michael Flynn to make contact with Russian officials during the campaign. 
ABC, which is owned by Disney, issued an apology after the report and suspended Ross for four weeks. 
"We deeply regret and apologize for the serious error we made yesterday. The reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during the special report had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process," ABC said in a statement last December. "As a result of our continued reporting over the next several hours ultimately we determined the information was wrong and we corrected the mistake on air and online."
The president's latest tweet comes after the network canceled its hit reboot of "Roseanne" after Barr tweeted that former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett was a child of the Islamist organization Muslim Brotherhood and the movie "Planet of the Apes."

President Donald Trump on Thursday said he was considering a pardon for celebrity chef and television personality Martha Stewart, as well as commuting the sentence of disgraced former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.
"I think to a certain extent Martha Stewart was harshly and unfairly treated," the president said while on a flight to Texas, explaining why she could be pardoned.
He also said that he believed Blagojevich was treated "unfairly," while noting that the Illinois politician is a Democrat. 
The president earlier announced that he would pardon conservative pundit Dinesh D'Souza.
Stewart, who was convicted of multiple felony charges in 2004, was prosecuted by former FBI Director James Comey, and served five months in federal prison on charges related to a 2001 stock sale.
Comey was fired by Trump last year and has since become an outspoken critic of his administration.
Trump has shared mixed opinions about Stewart in the past.

Trump tweeted on Wednesday morning that he wished he had chosen someone else to lead the Department of Justice (DOJ). 
It was the starkest statement yet of Trump’s displeasure with his attorney general, an early supporter of his 2016 campaign he now blames for the appointment of special counsel Robert Mueller. 
“There is no relationship between the president and Sessions,” one Republican strategist close to the White House told The Hill. “That’s because Trump values his friendships based on loyalty and obedience — and Sessions is perceived as neither in his current position.”
The strategist argued that this view was “very unfair” to the attorney general but added that it looked like Sessions “has decided to stick it out.”
Speculation about Sessions’s future in the administration has been rife for more than a year. 
Sessions was reported in June 2017 to have offered his resignation “in recent weeks” — an offer that Trump apparently turned down. But there have been no similar revelations this year, suggesting that Sessions intends to stay in his position absent an outright firing.
Such a dismissal would be hugely problematic for Trump, since it would be guaranteed to intensify allegations of obstruction of justice. 

Police in Wildwood, New Jersey on Wednesday released bodycamera footage of the violent and controversial arrest of a 20-year-old woman suspected of underage drinking.
Emily Weinman, of Philadelphia, was on the beach with her 18-month-old daughter, boyfriend and a friend on Saturday when she was approached by police officers who believed she was drinking alcohol.
A Twitter video shows police officers wrestling a woman to the ground and punching her in the head at Wildwood beach.
In the footage, Weinman takes a breathalyzer test and the officer says he's going to have her pour the alcohol out. But the situation escalates when Weinman refuses to give the officers her last name. One officer is heard saying saying he's "done with" her and works with another cop to try to arrest the woman.
She runs away, shouting profanities and telling the officers not to handcuff her. "You're about to get dropped," the officer responds.
Weinman resists arrest and as the officer continues to approach, she "forcibly struck" him in the torso, Police Chief Robert Regalbuto said —  an action he claimed turned the officer's body camera off. It was apparently reactivated as the two struggled in the sand.

Helicopters and law enforcement with canines scoured rough terrain Thursday as part of a widening manhunt for a suspect who fatally shot a veteran Tennessee sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop.
The suspect — earlier identified as Steven Joshua Wiggins, a 31-year-old white man with balding brown hair — has been on the run since early Wednesday, when he killed Dickson County sheriff's Sgt. Daniel Baker, investigators said.
"We want people to know there's an urgent and immediate threat to public safety," Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe said at a news conference Thursday morning.
He said investigators haven't narrowed down where he may be, and cautioned local residents to be cautious because he could still be armed and looking for a place to hide out. A $12,500 reward was issued to help find Wiggins.
The sheriff added that he hoped "our court will be a terror to him for the evil he has done."
Baker on Wednesday was responding to a call about a suspicious car, then couldn't be contacted for some time, Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Susan Niland said at an earlier news conference. The deputy's car was tracked by GPS to a location 2 or 3 miles away, and the deputy was found dead inside of it.

Global stock markets rebounded yesterday after political crises in Italy and Spain sent stocks into a tailspin. Unfortunately, for investors things could get worse from here.
This week the country's two largest parties, the left-wing 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League, tried to appoint an anti-European Union politician as finance minister, but it was vetoed by the country's president, who then appointed a new euro-friendly prime minister.
Those moves caused the parties to abandon coalition talks — the country's parties have been trying to form a government since the March 4 election — and call for a snap election, which could take place as early as July.
Last week in Spain the country's ruling party was found to have been involved in an illegal kickbacks scheme, while a former treasurer and close friend of the president was convicted of fraud and money laundering and sentenced to 33 years in prison. The country's prime minister faces a no-confidence vote on Friday.
While both countries' issues contributed to the recent market turmoil — the S&P 500 is down 1.27 percent and the MSCI Europe has fallen by nearly 5 percent since May 22 — Italy's issues are far more damaging to the EU's future. Both 5-Star and League want to leave the euro zone, even though they're on opposite ends of the political divide. If they do form a coalition, or if one party wins outright, then the EU could be done for.

Spain’s government was on the brink of collapse Thursday as opponents of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy appeared to have mustered enough support to oust him in a parliamentary no-confidence vote stemming from a corruption scandal.
The choice for Mr. Rajoy was increasingly stark: jump first and resign his post, or wait to be pushed out on Friday when the Parliament was scheduled for a vote he seemed nearly certain to lose. Either outcome would mean a change of leadership for Spain and would send the country sooner or later to new elections.
The sudden turn in fortune for Mr. Rajoy, one of Europe’s longest serving prime ministers, is certain to be the next test of the stability of southern Europe, after financial markets were sent reeling by a bumpy political week in Italy, which is still struggling to form a new government after inconclusive elections in March.
But unlike Italy, where the country’s economic stagnation under the euro has become a central issue, the issue in Spain is Mr. Rajoy himself and a long-building corruption scandal that has tainted his conservative Popular Party.

Denmark has banned the wearing of face veils in public, joining France and other parts of Europe in outlawing the burqa and the niqab worn by some Muslim women.
Parliament voted on Thursday for the law proposed by the center-right government which said face veils were contrary to Danish values. Opponents say the ban, that comes into effect on Aug. 1, infringes women's right to dress as they choose. Justice Minister Soren Pape Poulsen said police would not order offenders to remove their veils, but would fine them and tell them to go home.
France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria have all imposed some restrictions on full-face veils in public places.
Justice Minister Pape Poulsen, head of the conservative party in a government backed by the nationalist Danish People's Party, said when the bill was proposed in February: "It is incompatible with the values ​​of the Danish society or the respect for the community to keep the face hidden when meeting each other in the public space."

In a request submitted to the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, lawyers included an unusual annex: 20 pages of purple thumbprints.
These are the equivalent of signatures from 400 Rohingya women and girls, most of them illiterate refugees who were driven out of Myanmar last year after thousands of Rohingya Muslims were massacred.
The request urges the International Criminal Court in The Hague to open a criminal investigation into continuing atrocities, including genocide, against the Rohingya, the latest twist in a brewing dispute about whether the international court has the authority to intervene in what the United Nations and United States have called a clear case of ethnic cleansing.
“We feel so vulnerable. We feel so sad. We are unable to bear the emptiness of losing our family members,” the women’s petition says. “We are looking for justice from the United Nations and the International Criminal Court.”
Thus far, the attacks have been carried out with impunity, and many witnesses have said it was Myanmar government soldiers, in uniform, who raped and killed civilians. Human rights groups say the lack of accountability is particularly jarring, arguing that the attacks on the Rohingya involve exactly the kind of mass atrocities this court was created for. Its mandate is to judge crimes against humanity, war crimes and genocide.
