
Roseanne was canceled by ABC yesterday following a racist remark star Roseanne Barr tweeted about Valerie Jarrett, who was a senior adviser to President Obama. Following the cancellation, Barr tweeted out a long-winded apology, which included a claim that the damning tweet had been influenced by a dose of Ambien.
Barr’s excuse prompted Sanofi, the pharmaceutical company that manufactures Ambien, to weigh in.
So the maker of a popular prescription sleep medication wants you to know that — presumably after rigorous, double-blind testing and absolutely not in relation to anything a right-wing celebrity might be tweeting — its medical product does not produce racism as a side effect. This pharmaceutical contains no racism. (The obvious caveat here: the deeply racist history of medical research.)
That isn’t to say Ambien doesn’t have any adverse effects; some common ones include headaches, dizziness, and dry mouth. Two downsides, though, have become particularly popular: hallucinations and sleepwalking. Naturally, the internet has seized onto these over the years and turned “Ambi-tripping” into something of a culture, dating at least as far back as 2007, when the first Ambien posts appeared on the drug experience forum Erowid. “I’m remembering being a tree,” user Starfish wrote in May of that year. “The bathroom tiles are woodland creatures, and they’re talking to me.” He goes on to say that the tiles have the personalities that squirrels and woodchucks would have if they were sentient, although he doesn’t describe what those might be.

Italy has had 64 governments since 1946, which works out to an average of 410 days per government. The latest iteration, under Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, is 533 days old, so really it’s about time for a new one, and the markets were reasonably sanguine about that development, even when the new government was set to be run by populist extremists.
The news that the winners of the last election won’t form a new government, however, has devastated the Italian bond market and sparked fears of a brand-new euro crisis—one which, by dint of Italy’s sheer size, would be vastly worse for Italy and the world than the last one.
A bit of background: In March, Italy voted to kick out all of the parties that have historically formed governments since the war and instead voted in a combination of reds (the Five Star Movement, founded from the left by neo-anarchist comedian Beppe Grillo) and the browns (the xenophobic League, Italian avatars of the far right). When the two diametrically opposed parties decided they could work together to form a government, they nominated 82-year-old euroskeptic Paolo Savona as their finance minister. That was too much for Italy’s president, who has rejected Savona and asked for someone else (which doesn’t feel very democratic but is his constitutional right); the League refused, and now it seems that Italy is headed for yet another election.
This isn’t a fully blown crisis yet, and right now the balance of probabilities is still that there won’t be one. In order to get to Actual Crisis, two things still need to happen: The coming election needs to be turned into a referendum on EU membership, and the anti-euro parties need to win it.

Anna Nemtsova, who wrote the original story reporting Babchenko‘s death, filed this update from Moscow:
No fake news ever shocked reporters working in Russia and Ukraine more than this story.
On Tuesday Ukrainian authorities convinced the world that the famous Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko was killed in Kiev. A photograph of Babchenko in a puddle of blood with three gunshot wounds on his back was released to the public. Ukrainian parliament member  Anton Geraschenko told a detailed story about the murder on his Facebook page, giving details of the assassination. The Ukrainian police released a composite sketch of the supposed killer.
Thousands of Babchenko’s fans and friends wept for hours. Respectful publications wrote tributes. Russian politicians blamed Kiev and Ukrainians blamed Moscow for ordering Babchenko’s murder;  the United Nations demanded an investigation.
But at the Wednesday press conference the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, broke a happy news: Babchenko was alive. According to Ukrainian officials, the sting was a top secret special  operation conducted to find the real would-be “killer.”
“When a live Babchenko appeared on TV screens on Wednesday afternoon, all of his colleagues at ATR, a Tatar TV channel in Kiev, began to scream in shock in the newsroom, they had no idea,” Pavel Kanygin, Babchenko’s friend, told The Daily Beast.

Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, says that the FBI has an "obligation" to run out any leads it may have -- including using informants -- to get to the bottom of the case of Russian interference in the 2016 campaign. 
"When the FBI comes into contact with information about what a foreign government may be doing in our election cycle, I think they have an obligation to run it out," said Gowdy on "CBS This Morning" on Wednesday. 
He added, "Based on what I have seen, I don't know what the FBI could have done or should have done other than run out a lead that someone loosely connected with the campaign was making assertions about Russia, I would think you would want the FBI to find out whether there was any validity to what those people were saying."
Gowdy said that following his briefing on Capitol Hill with top intelligence officials regarding the FBI's use of an informant to make contact with Trump campaign officials, he was certain that the FBI would conclude that Russia was indeed the target, and not Mr. Trump or his campaign.
"I think the FBI, if they were at the table this morning, they would tell you that Russia was the target and Russia's intentions toward our country were the target. The fact that two people who were loosely connected to the Trump campaign may have been involved doesn't diminish the fact that Russia was the target and not the campaign," said Gowdy. 

After a year in which President Donald Trump devoted much of his health policy attention to efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump used part of his State of the Union address in January to press Congress to focus attention in 2018 on a new health priority – the passage of "right to try" legislation. It passed, and the president signed it today.
Right to try legislation gives terminally ill patients the right to use experimental medications that have not yet been approved by the Food and Drug Administration. 
President Trump's push for the passage of right to try nationally builds on the efforts of the libertarian-leaning Goldwater Institute, which has used the broad popularity of the policy to help achieve passage of similar legislation in 38 states, although the state legislation differs substantially from the version now on the president's table.
Despite these state gains and the policy's growing popularity among states, ethical questions remain about the tangible impact of a federal right to try law on Americans with terminal illnesses. Most notably, a growing body of evidence from policy analysts argues that the legislation would unfortunately accomplish very little change for most patients, and it could actually make it harder to get new drugs approved in the future.

One of two criminal cases against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens will be dismissed, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation, St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced that her office has reached a deal to dismiss a felony charge of computer data tampering. A day earlier, Greitens made the stunning announcement that he would step down from office effective Friday, citing "legal harassment."
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Accomplished, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before he was elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.

Citing a need to make "our schools and our state a safer place," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott unveiled a slate of policy and legislative changes on Wednesday that range from boosting security at schools to doing more to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
Abbott spoke about "school hardening strategies" such as reducing entries and exits at schools — and "active shooter alarm systems" that can be easily distinguished from a fire alarm. That approach, he said, would help students and staff respond appropriately — and avoid sending students into hallways where they might be targeted by an active shooter.
The governor also said state law should be changed to force courts to report a mental health adjudication that someone is "mentally unfit to have a gun" more quickly. The law should tighten that deadline to 48 hours rather than the current 30 days, Abbott said.
Abbott's plan calls for adding more school marshals — teachers who are licensed to carry firearms and go through training — as well as increasing the number of marshals per campus.
Noting that social media often contains clues of shooters' intentions before they act, Abbott said he wants to expand a program that has been tested in West Texas, which "uses mental health screenings to identify students at risk of committing violence," Abbott said. Called the Telemedicine Wellness, Intervention, Triage, and Referral (or TWITR) Project, the approach has been led by Texas Tech University.

A fast-moving lava flow from Hawaii's Kilauea volcano has crossed over a key highway, taking out power lines as officials said the number of homes destroyed since the eruption began earlier this month has risen to over 70.
The Hawaii County Civil Defense Agency confirmed to Fox News that a total of 71 homes have been destroyed, and they expect the number to rise. There are additional structures that have been destroyed, such as outhouses and sheds, officials added.
A "fast-moving" lava flow covered Highway 132 on Tuesday, which connects the commercial center of Pahoa with smaller towns and farms in the area.
"It took the road," Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno told Hawaii News Now. "We lost 132 and there's no power down to that area and, as explained to me, it's gonna be an extended outage."
The U.S. Geological Survey said the lava flow from Fissure 8 at one point advanced 800 yards over 80 minutes before slowing down for about 200 yards an hour as of Wednesday morning.
The lava destroyed the local electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots neighborhoods toward the coast. Hawaii Electric Light Co. said it was evaluating how to provide power to these communities once the eruption is over, but it won't be able to finalize a plan until the area is stable.

For a brief time Wednesday, Bill Browder was in Spanish custody. The London-based businessman and vocal Kremlin critic had been arrested in Madrid on what Browder says was a Russian warrant issued through Interpol.
Formerly a major investor in Russia, Browder has spent the better part of a decade waging an international crusade against corruption in Russian President Vladimir Putin's government. He pushed for the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which punished several prominent Russians with U.S. sanctions, and lately he has spoken frequently of Russian attempts to influence the domestic affairs of other countries.
In fact, Browder said it was this "mission" that brought him to Madrid — until, that is, Spanish police detained him. Authorities released Browder just a few hours later, but not before he fired off several tweets chronicling the arrest as it unfolded.
He even tweeted a picture of the apparent warrant from the Spanish federal government, seeking his arrest for fraud, which a Russian court has convicted him of in absentia.

An unofficial cease-fire took hold Wednesday in the Gaza Strip and southern Israel after the worst outbreak of fighting since a 2014 war between Israel and Hamas, the militant Islamist group that rules the beleaguered Palestinian enclave.
During a 24-hour flare-up, militant factions in Gaza, including Hamas, fired more than 100 rockets and mortar shells into Israel starting Tuesday and continuing through Wednesday morning. Israeli jets pounded more than 50 military targets belonging to Hamas and Islamic Jihad in response. 
Israel said some of the rockets fired into its territory were Iranian-made. Although the Iron Dome defense system downed most of the rockets, one hit a civilian home and another a kindergarten. 
However, by early Wednesday, spokesmen for Hamas and Islamic Jihad said that a cease-fire with Israel had been brokered by Egypt.
Khalil al-Hayya, a senior Hamas official, said that “there was a lot of mediation in the past hours.” He said the factions, including Islamic Jihad, would uphold the cease-fire as long as Israel did the same. 
Israeli leaders would not confirm that an agreement was reached, although local media reported that Hamas had received a message that if the rockets from Gaza stopped, Israel’s airstrikes would, too.

An attack in Belgium that left two police officers and a bystander dead was considered to be a “terrorist murder,” officials said Wednesday.
Benjamin Herman, 36, shouted “Allahu akbar,” the Arabic phrase for "God is great," several times during the shooting spree Tuesday before he was fatally shot by a group of police officers, Wenke Roggen, the Belgian federal magistrate, said at a news conference.
The attack was being treated as terrorism because of the way Herman acted during the shooting, Roggen said, adding that it resembled the Islamic State group's calls to attack police with knives and steal their weapons, included the shouting of "Allahu akbar" and Herman was in contact with several radicalized individuals.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said Tuesday that Herman was indirectly mentioned in state security reports on radicalization before the attack. He said Herman appeared in security reports “in notes that did not primarily target him, but others or other situations.”
“Different services considered that, based on the elements they had, there was no reason to give him such a qualification," Michel said, adding that the slayings will prompt, at least initially, "an investigation for terrorism.

Israel’s Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman was due to fly to Russia on Wednesday amid reports the countries were finalizing a deal that would push Iran-backed forces away from Israel’s border with Syria.
The pact reportedly being negotiated was part of an effort to prevent Iran-Israel tensions from spiraling into outright war. Russia and Iran have been helping the military of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to crush a seven-year insurgency.
Israel has become increasingly alarmed about the influence of Iran and the Tehran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah in Syria. Iran denies it is setting up permanent bases in Syria, but it has been building up its forces there.
According to Israel's Channel 2, the agreement would OK the presence of Syrian soldiers up to the border with Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, removing Iranian and Hezbollah forces from the area. Russia would accept that Israel would maintain “its freedom of action against Iranian consolidation in all of Syria.”
NBC News has not been able to independently confirm the reports.
Israel has struck inside Syria more than 100 times since 2012, with most targets suspected of being weapons convoys destined for Hezbollah, which has been engaged in battles alongside Syrian government forces.
