
The four-decade hunt for the Golden State Killer reached a turning point in April when detectives lifted the DNA of their suspect from his car door as he shopped inside Hobby Lobby, court documents released Friday show.
The secret collection occurred in a public parking lot in Roseville, just outside Sacramento. By then, authorities already considered Joseph DeAngelo Jr. a suspect but were still gathering evidence.
Authorities said in the court records that the definitive link came when the DNA taken from the car matched semen recovered at the scene of some of the Golden State Killer’s crime scene.
The documents also said detectives were able to match DNA from rapes in Northern California to several murders in Southern California, providing what prosecutors say is a key link connecting seemingly disparate crimes that had baffled authorities for years.
What's This?
Judge Michael Sweet released the documents Friday after rejecting objections from DeAngelo’s defense team. An attorney representing the Los Angeles Times and other media outlets had filed a motion to have the warrants unsealed for the public record.
The documents — about 123 pages — offers the first public glimpse into the case detectives built against DeAngelo, a former police officer accused of terrorizing communities across California in the 1970s and ’80s. During that time, he is suspected of being behind at least 12 killings, dozens of rapes and more than 100 burglaries. In the warrants, detectives accuse DeAngelo of a 13th killing — the shooting death of Claude Snelling in 1975 in Visalia.

President Donald Trump on Friday talked warmly to reporters about the “very nice” and “very interesting” letter he received earlier in the day from North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong Un.
“That letter was a very nice letter,” Trump said at a White House news conference. “Oh, would you like to see what was in that letter? How much? How much?” he quipped with the press.
The letter was hand-delivered to the president by senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol. The two men posed with the very large envelope in the Oval Office. After Trump received the letter, he announced that the June 12 summit with North Korea was on again in Singapore.
When asked if he could offer a “flavor of what the letter said,” Trump said: “It was a very interesting letter. At some point, it may be appropriate and maybe I’ll be able to give it to you, maybe.”
But mere minutes later, in response to another question, the president responded: “I haven’t seen the letter yet. I purposely didn’t open the letter. I haven’t opened it. I didn’t open it in front of the director. I said, ‘Would you want me to open it?’ He said, ‘You can read it later.’”
He added: “I may be in for a big surprise, folks.”

The United States has voted against a Kuwait-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution calling for the protection of Palestinian civilians, while being the only country to back its own measure condemning Hamas for the recent violence in the Gaza Strip.
More than 120 Palestinians have been killed and thousands wounded by Israeli forces during weeks-long peaceful protests in the besieged Gaza Strip near the fence with Israel. Among the victims have been medical professionals and journalists.
Ten countries, including Russia and France, voted in favour of the Kuwait-sponsored resolution on Friday.
Four others - Britain, Poland, the Netherlands and Ethiopia - abstained, while the US, a major ally of Israel, was the only country to vote against it.
The resolution, which was revised three times and said to have been "watered down", previously called for international protection for Palestinian people.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross arrived in Beijing on Saturday aiming to secure more Chinese purchases of U.S. goods and energy, days after Washington intensified pressure in its dispute with China and infuriated allies with tariffs on metals.
Ross did not speak to reporters at his Beijing hotel on Saturday afternoon. He was scheduled to have dinner on Saturday with Chinese Vice Premier Liu He, Beijing’s lead negotiator in the trade dispute, at the Diaoyutai State Guest House, a U.S. official said. The two were also due to meet on Sunday.
The visit by Ross follows renewed tariff threats this week against China by the Trump administration, and as U.S. allies are in a foul mood with Washington after they were hit with duties on steel and aluminum.
The United States and China have threatened tit-for-tat tariffs on goods worth up to $150 billion each.
After it had appeared a trade truce between the two economic heavyweights was on the cards, the White House this week warned it would continue to pursue tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese imports, as well as impose restrictions on Chinese investments in the United States and tighter export controls.

As lava continued to pour vigorously from the ground through fissures at the foot of Kilauea Volcano, the month-old eruption on Hawaii’s Big Island has entered a new, seemingly calmer phase inside the summit crater, government scientists said on Friday.
But vulcanologists monitoring and measuring Kilauea’s every move during the past four weeks hastened to add the latest change in the volcano’s behavior, while undoubtedly significant, leaves them uncertain about what will follow.
The summit crater, which began ejecting ash and volcanic rock in periodic, daily eruptions in mid-May, has largely fallen quiet since Wednesday, Kyle Anderson, a U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) geophysicist, told reporters in a conference call.
The apparent reason, newly revealed in footage recorded by drone aircraft flown over the summit, is that tons of rocky material shaken loose from the inside walls of the crater vent have plugged up the bottom of the void, Anderson said.
What happens next is unknown.

sk people with deep knowledge of the US justice department about the damage Donald Trump might be doing to the country, and the conversation quickly flips back to Watergate.
Following Richard Nixon’s failed attempt to pull the plug on a special prosecutor who turned out to be on to something, the need for investigators to work free from White House interference was recognized by the public and reinforced by elected officials.
But now Trump is president, the public can seem apathetic or amnesiac and the norms governing justice department independence are being tested. Severely.
In interviews, two former assistant attorneys general, law professors and analysts from across the political spectrum used recurring words to describe Trump’s assault on justice: “dangerous”, “alarming”, “high-stakes”.
Some analysts warn that national security has also been endangered, as Trump has undermined public trust in the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and intelligence agencies whose work is often conducted in secret and who therefore depend uniquely on such trust to function.
The question is whether Trump’s snips and snaps at the norms of justice department independence represent some greater dislocation: a constitutional crisis of some kind or even an erosion of the rule of law in America, as some commentators have posited.
In recent weeks, Trump has escalated his war on his perceived foes in the Department of Justice (DoJ), which hosts the office of special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating alleged collusion between Moscow and Trump campaign officials.

A federal jury determined that the family of a black man killed in his home in Florida by a sheriff’s deputy after being called for a noise complaint would receive only 1 percent of the $4 awarded in damages. 
The St. Lucie County Sheriff’s Office was found partly liable in the 2014 shooting of Gregory Hill Jr., the jury determined last week. Ken Mascara, the sheriff, was found to be only 1 percent liable, given that Hill was under the influence of alcohol. Deputy Christopher Newman, who shot Hill, was found not liable. 
The jury decided Thursday to award a grand total of $4 in damages: $1 to his mother to cover funeral expenses and $1 to each of his three children. 
Newman and another deputy were sent to investigate a complaint about noise coming from Hill’s garage. Hill opened the garage door, then started to close it. Newman shot Hill three times, claiming Hill was holding a gun ― which is still in dispute. An unloaded gun was later found in Hill’s back pocket. His family filed a wrongful death lawsuit in 2016. 
Gregory Hill Jr. with fiancée Monique Davis and two of his daughters. A sheriff’s deputy killed him in his garage in 2014, and his family has been awarded 1 percent of $4 in damages.
“That a black child’s pain is only worth a dollar is exactly the problem with the plight of the African-American right now,” John Phillips, the Hill family’s attorney, told CNN. “This says black lives don’t matter.”

Arizona police are on the hunt Saturday for a suspect believed to have gunned down an Arizona forensic psychiatrist who helped prosecutors with investigations in the high-profile 1996 killing of JonBenet Ramsey.
Steven Pitt, who also helped Phoenix police catch an attacker known as the "Baseline Killer" – who terrorized the city in summer 2006, was killed Thursday outside his office in Scottsdale.
Witnesses told police they heard a loud argument before shots were fired, although Sgt. Vince Lewis said he had no information on whether the killing was connected to the 59-year-old's work.
"We are not ruling anything out, but at this point, a loud argument probably suggests they knew each other either professionally or personally," Lewis also told NBC News, adding that police are trying to track down surveillance footage of the attack.
Investigators released a sketch of the suspect who fled the scene, described as a bald, adult white male who was last seen wearing a dark-colored hat, according to Fox 10 Phoenix.
During his career, Pitt assisted in the investigation into the death of 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey, a beauty pageant star who was found dead at her family's home in Boulder, Colorado. A prosecutor cleared her parents and brother in 2008 based on DNA evidence.
Boulder County District Attorney Alex Hunter described Pitt in 1999 as a “tough and tenacious.”

The U.S. and China appear to be headed for a more confrontational relationship in Southeast Asia as Washington warns of a more aggressive response to the militarization of disputed islands in the South China Sea.
Speaking at the Shangri-La Dialogue, a regional security conference, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned there could be “much larger consequences” in the future from China’s moves to install weapons systems on islands in the sea. He didn’t specify what the consequences would be.

The White House is preparing for a potential summit between President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday. 
Jon Huntsman, the U.S. ambassador to Russia, is helping to set up the meeting, though the planning is still in its early stages, the Journal reported. 
“This has been an ongoing project of Ambassador Huntsman, stretching back months, of getting a formal meeting between Putin and Trump,” a senior administration official told the Journal.
If it comes to fruition, the summit would be the third meeting between Trump and Putin. The two leaders met on the sidelines of Group of 20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, last July and again in Vietnam during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam in November.
During a phone call between the two leaders in March, Trump extended an invitation to Putin to come to Washington.
The prospective meeting would come at a point of heightened tensions between the Washington and Moscow. 

Cuba’s national assembly is set on Saturday to begin the long-awaited reform of its constitution to give legal backing to the Communist-run island’s economic and social opening while upholding the “irrevocable nature of socialism”.
The most salient point on the agenda of its extraordinary session is the approval of the commission that will draft what is expected to be the broadest update of the constitution since it was first adopted in 1976 during the Cold War.
Former President Raul Castro first announced the need for a new constitution in 2011 after embarking on a series of reforms cautiously opening up the economy to foreign investment and the private sector in order to make Cuban socialism sustainable.
Some clauses in the current constitution, such as one forbidding Cubans from “obtaining income that comes from exploiting the work of others”, are at odds with those changes.
“Cuba has to make substantial changes to the constitution that endorse private property, self employment and cooperatives as part of the Cuban economy,” said Julio Perez, a political analyst and former news editor at state-run Radio Habana.
“Politically, it will have to affirm that presidents will be elected for five years and can only can be re-elected for another five.”
Term and age limits are among the various measures to strengthen Cuba’s political institutions proposed by Castro, 86, who handed the presidency over to his 58-year old protege Miguel Diaz-Canel in April after two five-year terms.

Spanish Socialist Pedro Sánchez has been sworn in as the country's new prime minister by King Felipe after the ousting of conservative Mariano Rajoy.
Mr Sánchez, who is an atheist, took the oath to protect the constitution without a bible or crucifix - a first in Spain's modern history.
He plans to see out the remaining two years of the parliamentary term.
The Socialist leader won the support of six other parties to remove Mr Rajoy over a massive corruption scandal.
As Spain's new prime minister, whose party only has a quarter of the seats in parliament, he now has to decide who to include in his cabinet and is expected to name them next week.
In a brief ceremony at the royal residence in Madrid on Saturday, Mr Sánchez, 46, promised to "faithfully fulfil" his duties "with conscience and honour, with loyalty to the king, and to guard and have guarded the constitution as a fundamental state rule".
Mr Sánchez brought about the downfall of his predecessor Mr Rajoy by filing a no confidence motion in parliament following a scandal centred on a secret campaign fund that the conservative People's Party (PP) ran from 1999 until 2005.
Mr Rajoy is the first prime minister in modern Spanish history to be defeated in a no-confidence motion.
