
The president’s legal team is “leaning toward not” recommending he participate in an interview with the team investigating Russian interference in the 2016 elections, Rudy Giuliani, a member of the team, said Sunday.
While the decision whether or not to testify before Robert Mueller’s team is ultimately up to President Donald Trump, Giuliani said the legal team will likely recommend that he not speak with investigators. Trump has said he wants to appear; his legal team has argued he can’t be compelled to testify.
“We’re leaning toward not. But look, if they can convince that it will be brief, it would be to the point, there were five or six points they have to clarify, and with that, we can get this long nightmare for the American public over,” Giuliani said on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.”
If the president is subpoenaed to testify, Giuliani said he would urge the president to appear, but claim that his testimony is unnecessary.
“We’ll say hey, you got everything you need, you got 1.4 million documents, you have 28 witnesses. The president’s given every explanation and corrected some that were mis-impressions. You’ve got everything you need, what — what do you need us for?” Giuliani said.

Essentially all presidents sooner or later end up commissioning lawyers to put forward an expansive view of presidential power, but those lawyers take pains to argue that they are not making the case for a totally unchecked executive whose existence would pose a fundamental threat to American values.
Donald Trump, however, is a different kind of president.
In a 20-page memo written by Trump’s legal team and delivered to Robert Mueller, as reported by the New York Time’s this weekend, they make an unusually frank case for a tyrannical interpretation of presidential power.
Trump’s lawyers say he has unlimited power over criminal justice
The key passage in the memo is one in which Trump’s lawyers argue that not only was there nothing shady going on when FBI Director James Comey got fired there isn’t even any potential shadiness to investigate because the president is allowed to be as shady as he wants to be when it comes to overseeing federal law enforcement. He can fire whoever he wants. Shut down any investigation or open up a new one.
Indeed, the President not only has unfettered statutory and Constitutional authority to terminate the FBI Director, he also has Constitutional authority to direct the Justice Department to open or close an investigation, and, of course, the power to pardon any person before, during, or after an investigation and/or conviction. Put simply, the Constitution leaves no question that the President has exclusive authority over the ultimate conduct and disposition of all criminal investigations and over those executive branch officials responsible for conducting those investigations.

Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said he plans to visit North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, North Korean state media reported on Sunday, potentially the first meeting between Kim and another head of state in Pyongyang.
“I am going to visit the DPRK and meet HE Kim Jong Un,” Assad said on May 30, North Korea’s KCNA news agency reported, using the initials of the country’s official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
There was no immediate comment from the Syrian president’s office.
Assad reportedly made the remarks as he received the credentials of North Korean Ambassador Mun Jong Nam.
Pyongyang and Damascus maintain good relations, and United Nations monitors have accused North Korea of cooperating with Syria on chemical weapons, a charge the North denies.
Both countries have faced international isolation, North Korea over its nuclear weapons program, and Syria over its tactics during a bloody civil war.
Since the beginning of the year, however, North Korea’s Kim has launched a flurry of diplomatic meetings with leaders in China and South Korea, and is scheduled to hold a summit with U.S. President Donald Trump in Singapore on June 12.

Group of Seven finance chiefs issued a rare rebuke of a member nation, claiming U.S. trade actions could undermine global economic confidence and threaten the effectiveness of the Western alliance.
The statement singled out the Americans, the largest and most important member of the G-7, saying “decisive action” is needed at a leaders summit next week in Quebec. The ministers requested that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin “communicate their unanimous concern and disappointment.”
“The international community is faced with significant economic and security issues, which are best addressed through a united front from G-7 countries,” Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau said in a “chair’s summary” of the meeting in Whistler, British Columbia. “Members continue to make progress on behalf of our citizens, but recognize that this collaboration and cooperation has been put at risk by trade actions against other members.”
Morneau’s comments came after an acrimonious three days of talks -- with Mnuchin on the receiving end of much of the frustration -- in which America’s allies protested against President Donald Trump’s decision to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum from the European Union, Canada and Mexico. With the trade dispute triggering one of the biggest crises in the G-7 since the group’s formation in the 1970s, frictions are poised to spill over into next week’s meetings in Charlevoix, Quebec that Trump will attend. The group includes Canada, France, Italy, Germany, the U.K., Japan and the U.S.

A fourth fatal shooting in a Phoenix suburb on Saturday may be linked to three other slayings, including the killing of a prominent forensic psychiatrist who assisted in high-profile murder cases such as the JonBonet Ramsey homicide, according to police.
The Scottsdale Police Department said they received a call about a man who had been found fatally shot inside an office located in a business complex that houses mostly therapists and counselors.
The man killed Saturday was Marshall Levine, a psychologist and counselor, Karen Kolbe, who rented him office space, told the Arizona Republic.
The possible fourth killing comes after authorities linked three fatal shootings over two days.
The first victim was identified by authorities as Steven Pitt, a forensic psychiatrist who worked on the high-profile investigation into the killing of 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey, a beauty pageant star who was found dead at her family's home in Boulder, Colorado. Ramsey's murder, which remains unsolved, attracted national attention. A prosecutor cleared her parents and brother in 2008 based on DNA evidence.

House Democrats believe they can win more Republican-controlled congressional seats in California this year than any other state in the country.
But, first, they need to prevent their own candidates from ruining their plans.
The June 5 primary has taken on near-mythic importance for Democrats aiming to regaining control of the House in November. They hope that high disapproval ratings for the Republican-led Congress and President Trump will create a rush of enthusiasm for Democrats in areas where GOP control is already tenuous.
There is no doubt that there's real enthusiasm in California this year, particularly in the suburbs around Los Angeles. It is nearly impossible to find a corner on a busy street in many of these towns that isn't packed with a jumble of candidate signs and posters.
But the problem for the party is that most of the signs are for Dems running against each other.
Democrats had great success in convincing new, energetic candidates to step up and run — almost too much in some cases. The rush of excitement created crowded races with three or more Democrats campaigning, sometimes aggressively, against one another.
This poses a serious risk in a California where the top two primary-vote winners wind up on the ballot in November, regardless of their party.

In the sweltering twilight on their school's football field, 328 seniors at a Southeast Texas high school received their diplomas Friday with memories of a deadly mass shooting fresh in their minds. The Santa Fe High School seniors gathered in the 83-degree heat and 76 percent humidity on the artificial-turf field to become the school's first to graduate since two substitute teachers and eight fellow students died in a mass shooting May 18.
The graduating seniors, wearing white stoles in tribute to those slain, and their well-wishers viewed a montage tribute to the slain students and teachers on the stadium's video display board. Speeches by school principal Rachel Blundell, valedictorian Corrigan Garcia and salutatorian Bailee Dobson referred to "the events of May 18."
Blundell reassured the seniors that surviving such a trial equips them with the strength and courage to cope with the challenges that will come later in life. "Great leaders and great nations have emerged out of the ashes of some of the greatest tragedies," she said.

House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on Sunday defended the administration for leveraging tariffs on close allies as “standing up” for free trade.
“We are in the middle of a trade discussion. Nobody wants to be in a trade war. Nobody wins a trade war,” the California Republican said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” “But we are standing up for the process of where we're moving forward that we have fair trade.”
President Donald Trump last week announced tariffs on metal imports from Canada, Mexico and the European Union, prompting each to announce they are considering retaliatory tariffs. Other Republicans have attacked the tariffs, including Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), who tweeted that he was looking for “ways to push back on the president using authorities in ways never intended and that are damaging to our country and our allies.”
McCarthy pointed to specifics in the trade imbalance, even with one of America’s closest allies.
“If you are talking about Canada, look what they do when it comes to our dairy products,” he said. “Our wine cannot sit on their supermarkets.”

Police in Nicaragua have ended the siege of a church where opposition supporters had sought refuge after being attacked by riot police and pro-government militias.
Doctors have been allowed to treat the injured inside the church in the city of Masaya. Two people have died.
Some 30 people who were inside the church were released after the local Catholic Church intervened.
More than 100 people have been killed in Nicaragua in six weeks of violence.
'No more repression!"
Monsignor Silvio José Báez, the auxiliary bishop of Managua, praised the local priest in Masaya, Edwing Roman, and a human rights lawyer and campaigner, Álvaro Leiva, for their efforts in negotiating with the authorities.
He urged President Daniel Ortega to end the crackdown on protests against his government.
Monsignor Báez earlier took to social media to warn people to stay indoors, because there were reports of snipers on the streets of Masaya.

Singapore Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen criticized both the U.S. and China for taking “unilateral actions,” lumping the two rivals together as nations challenging the current global order.
In a speech to the annual IISS Shangri-La Dialogue security forum in Singapore, Ng said the world’s two-biggest economies were similarly using security considerations to justify their behavior -- the U.S. on trade and China for its military buildup in the disputed South China Sea.
Ng Eng Hen at Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore on June 3.Photographer: Nicholas Yeo/AFP via Getty Images
“Whatever the merit of these arguments, these deviations from global norms challenge the status quo and accepted rules which have hitherto benefited Asia and the regions beyond,” Ng said. “It is plainly obvious that local politics and the shift in relative strengths of global or regional powers are in fact changing the rules of the international order previously entrenched.”
Ng’s comments -- he accused the U.S. of “revisiting the status quo” -- represent some of the strongest criticism yet from Southeast Asia over President Donald Trump’s stance on trade. Trump’s recent tariffs on steel and aluminum imports have targeted allies in Europe, plus Japan, Canada and Mexico, while the U.S. is engaged in an escalating war of words with China, risking a full-blown trade war.

When Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad unexpectedly won his bid for office in May, he pledged to do his best to find money that went missing in a massive corruption scandal under his predecessor. Former Prime Minister Najib Razak has been accused of stealing hundreds of millions of dollars from a state fund known as 1MDB.
Mahathir's other priority was get the country's $250 billion worth of debt under control. And this week, he announced the government had found a way to at least get started: crowdfunding.
Within 24 hours, the "Malaysia Hope Fund" raised almost $2 million, the BBC reported.
"The rakyat (people) voluntarily want to share their earnings with the government to help ease the burden," the finance ministry said in a statement, announcing that it would be accepting donations to a special fund set up to help relieve the country's debt.
The ministry asked all willing citizens to donate to the cause. The government hopes it can ride on the wave of patriotism Malaysians are feeling after the peaceful transition of power last month.
“There are many Malaysians who were willing to donate to the government when they found out how bad our country’s financial situation is," the prime minister said. "We welcome their patriotic stand." The country's national debt amounts to around 80 percent of its GDP.

Last year, Hurricane Harvey slammed southern Texas and caused widespread flooding in Houston. And Hurricane Maria became the 10th most intense hurricane on record in the Atlantic basin when it devastated Puerto Rico and other islands in the Caribbean.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issues a hurricane season forecast each spring, and its forecast for the 2018 season specifies a 75-percent chance that this year’s storm activity will be at normal or above-normal levels. There's a 70-percent likelihood of 10 to 16 named storms — those with winds of 39 mph or higher. Of these, five to nine could become hurricanes, with one to four turning into major hurricanes (category 3 or above).
So exactly what can we expect this year? Have hurricanes become more intense and more frequent — and more deadly — as result of climate change? And are we getting better at predicting where and when hurricanes will strike? For answers to these and other questions, MACH's Denise Chow spoke with Kerry Emanuel, a professor of atmospheric science at MIT. This interview has been edited for clarity and brevity.
Emanuel: Forecasters who are trying to make projections for the season look at long-range forecasts of climate patterns over the Atlantic Ocean. They especially look for the presence or absence of El Niño [periodic warming in sea surface temperatures]. Around May we can start to have a little bit of skill at forecasting whether an El Niño or La Niña [periods of below-average sea surface temperatures] might be in place by the late summer and early fall. We know that that affects hurricanes. El Niño, in particular, suppresses Atlantic hurricanes.
