
ABC, in a stunning move, has decided to cancel its Roseanne revival following star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet Tuesday. 
"Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show," ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said Tuesday.
Early Tuesday, star, head writer and exec producer Barr attacked Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser to former President Barack Obama, in a since-deleted tweet in which she said "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj." Barr subsequently apologized: "I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste."
Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger also weighed in on the decision to cancel Roseanne: "There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing," he tweeted.
Barr's tweet prompted a massive outcry across social media, with thousands condeming the actress-comedian's comments and calling on ABC to cancel her series. The Disney-owned network's decision to cancel the comedy marked the first time the network has taken action in response to one of Barr's controversial tweets. 

The White House says it will impose a 25 percent tariff on $50 billion of Chinese goods with "industrially significant technology." The full list of products affected will be announced by June 15, and the tariffs will be implemented "shortly thereafter," according to the administration.
The White House also says it will announce and impose investment restrictions and enhanced export controls on Chinese individuals and organizations to prevent them from acquiring U.S. technology. Those restrictions will be announced by June 30, the Trump administration says, and will also be implemented "shortly thereafter."
The declaration of further sanctions had been expected last week but was apparently delayed.
Tuesday's announcement comes amid mixed messages from the White House about a "trade war" with China. In March, President Trump signaled his plans to put tariffs on Chinese-made goods. And last month, the U.S. began announcing specific tariffs, prompting a tit for tat of escalating proposals and retaliatory threats.
More recently, the two countries have seemed to signal an appetite for de-escalation. China cut tariffs on U.S. automobiles, and Trump has pledged support for ZTE, a Chinese company affected negatively by U.S. sanctions.
Just over a week ago, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the trade war with China was "on hold." He said the two countries were in talks and had made "meaningful progress."

As hurricane season begins this week, experts are still trying to count the number of deaths caused by last year’s devastating Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. The latest estimate: roughly 4,600, many of them from delayed medical care.
Residents of Puerto Rico died at a significantly higher rate during the three months following the hurricane than they did in the previous year, according to the results of a new study by a group of independent researchers from Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and other institutions.
The researchers say their estimate, published Tuesday in the New England Journal of Medicine, remains imprecise, with more definitive studies still to come. But the findings, which used methods that have not been previously applied to this disaster, are important amid widespread concerns that the government’s tally of the dead, 64, was a dramatic undercount.
Winds, flooding and landslides swept away homes and knocked out power, water and cellular service, which remained largely unrepaired for months.
An analysis of vital statistics by The New York Times last December found that 1,052 more people than usual died across the island in the 42 days after the storm. Other news organizations, including Puerto Rico’s Center for Investigative Journalism and CNN, and Alexis Raúl Santos, a demographer at Penn State, have also challenged the government’s figure, finding evidence for hundreds of excess deaths in the weeks following the hurricane.

Italian President Sergio Mattarella might think he has taken a principled stand in vetoing euroskeptic Paolo Savona as finance minister, effectively disallowing a government led by the Five Star Movement and the League. But in rejecting the choice of a popularly elected coalition, he may well have set in motion a financial crisis from which it will be hard to pull back, and which could imperil the entire European project.
Mattarella’s disregard of recent political history displays an astonishing wooden-headedness. In October 2011, German chancellor Angela Merkel made a phone call to then Italian president Giorgio Napolitano, soon after which Napolitano grabbed an opportunity to replace Silvio Berlusconi with the unelected, Brussels-friendly technocrat Mario Monti. Although Merkel and Napolitano denied they had plotted to ease Berlusconi out, that's the impression that prevailed. The Economist unabashedly applauded Merkel for helping “get rid of clowns like Italy’s Silvio Berlusconi.” Many Italians fumed, believing that Germany had violated their national sovereignty.
It's thus not surprising that the euro-skeptic Five Star Movement gained popular support. In the February 2013 election, Five Star emerged with more than a quarter of the vote, politically humiliating Monti and making it the largest single party in the parliament. While the center-left Democratic Party held onto power (under three different prime ministers), anti-European sentiment in Italy grew. In the March 2018 election, Five Star and the League, another euro-skeptic party, won the voters’ favor and together achieved an absolute majority.

A Louisiana-based televangelist is asking his followers to donate money for a $54 million jet that can “go anywhere in the world in one stop,” The Times-Picayune reported.  
Jesse Duplantis, 68, a Christian minister based in Destrehan, about 25 miles east of New Orleans, says his ministry has paid cash for three private jets.
“You know I’ve owned three different jets in my life and used them and used them and just burning them up for the Lord,” Duplantis says in a video posted to his ministries’ website.
Duplantis is now reportedly seeking the funds for a Dassault Falcon 7X, worth $54 million.
The problem with the previous jets, he says, is that they require multiple stops to refuel. But flying the Falcon 7X, Duplantis says, will allow him to save money and not pay “those exorbitant prices with jet fuel all over the world.”  
“I really believe that if Jesus was physically on the earth today, he wouldn’t be riding a donkey,” Duplantis says in the video, “He’d be in an airplane preaching the gospel all over the world.”
Duplantis’ video comes after another televangelist, Kenneth Copeland in Texas, purchased the Gulfstream V jet for $36 million.
Both televangelists defended their use of private jets during a joint appearance on Copeland’s program, saying that commercial airlines are filled with “a bunch of demons” that get in the way of their busy schedules

The body of the Maryland National Guardsman who was swept away in Ellicott City’s floods Sunday was found in the Patapsco River on Tuesday, according to Howard County Police.
The body of Sgt. Eddison A. Hermond, 39, was found by searchers in the Patapsco River just across the Baltimore County line, Howard County Police posted on Twitter.
Hermond was washed away in floodwaters after trying to rescue Kate Bowman, a local shop owner, Bowman told The Baltimore Sun. Before his body was found Tuesday, the Severn man, a member of the Maryland National Guard, was last seen Sunday at 5:20 p.m. near La Palapa restaurant on Main Street, Howard County police said.
Maryland National Guard Col. Charles Kohler said Hermond joined the Maryland Army National Guard in 2009 and was assigned to Camp Fretterd in Reisterstown. He enlisted in the Air Force in 1996 and served more than a decade on active duty.
Randy Marriner, who owns the Victoria Restaurant Group, said Hermond was one of the original employees of Victoria Gastro Pub when the Columbia restaurant opened 11 years ago. He said Hermond worked in his restaurants when he wasn’t on active duty, and worked his way up from server to bartender to manager.

Two South Carolina television journalists covering severe storm conditions were killed when a tree crushed their news vehicle.
Mike McCormick, an anchor with NBC affiliate WYFF News 4, and Aaron Smeltzer, a photojournalist with the station, were traveling Monday afternoon on a highway near Tryon, North Carolina, when their van was struck by a tree that had loosened from ground saturated by recent rains.
"It is a freak of nature," Tryon Fire Department Chief Geoff Tennant told WYFF about the accident. "You know it's going to happen, or you can predict that it may happen, you don't know when."
Tennant said the accident happened shortly after he had wrapped an interview with McCormick.
"We had talked a little bit about how he wanted us to stay safe and how we wanted him to stay safe," he said. "Then of course, 10 or 15 minutes later we get the call and it was him, and his photographer."

At least nine people were killed and 29 others were wounded in shootings across Chicago over Memorial Day weekend.
That's one more than the number of people who died during the holiday weekend last year.
With the unofficial start of summer now underway, Chicago police said they have a plan to curb the gun violence. It includes a so-called "Summer Mobile Unit" of 100 officers, which can respond quickly to large disturbances.
"When you see a group of officers en masse like that, it's effective," said Chief Fred Waller, Chicago Police Department.
The "Summer Mobile Unit" was deployed Monday to North Avenue Beach for crowd control. The special force will stick around through Labor Day.
Two people were killed and seven were wounded in shootings across the city on Memorial Day.
Gun violence started at the stroke of midnight Monday when a woman was critically wounded in a drive-by shooting in the Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side.
The 20-year-old woman was standing on the sidewalk talking to someone when a black Pontiac Grand Prix drove by and someone inside fired a single shot, striking her in the neck in the 6400 block of South Eberhart Avenue, according to Chicago Police said.

Canada’s federal government said Tuesday it is buying a controversial pipeline from the Alberta oil sands to the Pacific Coast to ensure it gets built.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s government plans to spend $4.5 billion Canadian (US$3.4 billion) to purchase Kinder Morgan’s Trans Mountain pipeline.
The pipeline expansion would triple the capacity of an existing line to ship oil extracted from the oil sands in Alberta across the snow-capped peaks of the Canadian Rockies. It would end at a terminal outside Vancouver, resulting in a seven-fold increase in the number of tankers in the shared waters between Canada and Washington state.
Facing stiff environmental opposition from British Columbia’s provincial government and activists, Houston-based Kinder Morgan earlier halted essential spending on the project and said it would cancel it altogether if the national and provincial governments could not guarantee it.
On May 7, 2018, opponents of the trans mountain pipeline gather in the lobby of the Ruissell Investments building, outside the entrance to a Chase bank branch. 
“It must be built and it will be built,” Finance Minister Bill Morneau. “Make no mistake: this is an investment in Canada’s future.”
The pipeline would allow Canada to diversify and vastly increase exports to Asia, where it could command a higher price. Canada has the world’s third largest oil reserves but 99 percent of its exports now go to refiners in the U.S., where limits on pipeline and refinery capacity mean Canadian oil sells at a discount.

A private hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will end in the coming days, a search firm said Tuesday, about four years after the plane's disappearance sparked one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries.
The Malaysia Airlines jet vanished in March 2014 with 239 people -- mostly from China -- on board, en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
No sign of the plane was found in a 46,000-square mile sea search zone and the Australian-led hunt, the largest in aviation history, was suspended in January last year.
After pressure from families, the former Malaysian government struck a deal with U.S. exploration firm Ocean Infinity to restart the search in January on the condition it would only be paid if the Boeing 777 or its black boxes were found.
The firm stood to make up to $70 million if successful but did not find any sign of the airliner despite scouring the seabed with some of the world's most high-tech search equipment.
The hunt was officially meant to end late April but was extended. However, the new government of Mahathir Mohamad, which came to power after a shock election win this month, announced last week the search was set to end.

Doctors who treated poisoned ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia say they expected the pair to die, and still don't know what their long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals were found unconscious in the English city of Salisbury on March 4 after being exposed to a nerve agent known as Novichok. They spent weeks comatose in critical condition but have now been discharged.
Britain says Russia was behind the poisoning with the military-grade nerve agent. Moscow strongly denies the allegation. The incident has sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
Britain called Tuesday for a special conference of the global chemical weapons watchdog "in response to shocking recent chemical attacks" including those in Salisbury, and in the Syrian civil war and by the Islamic State group in Iraq.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said the U.K. and 10 other countries, including the U.S., were calling for the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to meet next month "to take action to reaffirm and defend the ban on chemical weapons."
Britain said it was confident of getting the backing of 64 of the 192 OPCW member states, the number needed to trigger a conference.
Sergei Skripal, 66, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. He had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles (145 kilometers) southwest of London, when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter.

The gunman also took a female cleaner hostage at a school before being killed by police. Four other police officers were also injured.
The man's motive is not yet clear but the incident is being treated as terrorism.
Police sources quoted in local media said the man was heard shouting "Allahu Akbar" ("God is greatest" in Arabic).
Belgian broadcaster RTBF said the gunman was let out from prison on temporary release on Monday where he had been serving time on drug offences. It said that he may have been radicalised while in jail.
Liège mayor Willy Demeyer confirmed the deaths of the two female officers during a press conference and said that "physical and psychological support" would be provided to the families of the victims.
A bomb squad arrives at the scene following a shooting in Liege, Belgium, 29 May 2018Image copyrightEPA
Image caption
A bomb squad was sent to the scene of the shooting in Liege, Belgium
Mr Demeyer added that "all flags on municipal buildings" were to be flown at half-mast, a book of condolences would be placed in the local town hall and a service would be held at 13:00 local time (11:00 GMT) on Wednesday to honour the victims.
