
Award-winning chef, writer and television personality Anthony Bourdain has died in an apparent suicide. He was 61.
Bourdain was found dead on Friday morning in his room at a luxury hotel in the tiny village of Kaysersberg in the Alsace region of northeast France. He appeared to have hanged himself, according to Christian de Rocquigny du Fayel, the prosecutor of Colmar in Alsace region, southeast of Kaysersberg.
The exact cause of death is under investigation.
The hotel where Bourdain was staying declined to comment Friday.
Bourdain was the host of "Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown," which has aired on CNN since its premiere in 2013. The travel and food series, which features cuisines and stories from around the world, has won several Emmy Awards as well as a 2013 Peabody Award, according to CNN.
He leaves behind an 11-year-old daughter, Ariane Bourdain.
CNN confirmed Bourdain's death in a statement Friday.

U.S. President Donald Trump lashed out at Canada and the European Union on Friday, setting the tone for a hostile Group of Seven summit and raising the specter of a trade war that has unnerved Washington’s top allies as well as investors.
The confrontation over U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum imports threatened to rupture the G7, which during its 42-year history has traditionally sought to find consensus on the economy and other issues.
Trump, who aides said has scant interest in multilateralism, resumed his tirade against G7 members and their “unfair trade practices” early on Friday. The White House said he would leave the two-day summit in Canada four hours earlier than originally planned.
The U.S. leader will miss talks about climate change and clean energy, and will have left Canada by the time Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and other leaders begin closing news conferences likely to be laden with criticism of Washington’s trade policy.
“We’re going to deal with the unfair trade practices. If you look at what Canada, and Mexico, the European Union - all of them - have been doing to us for many, many decades. We have to change it. And they understand it’s going to happen,” Trump said before departing for the summit in La Malbaie, Quebec.

If all goes to plan, U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on June 12 in a tiny but wealthy corner of Southeast Asia.
The White House explained why Singapore got the nod after experts floated a number of possible locations, including Switzerland, Mongolia and the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea.
"Singapore was selected because they have been willing to hold it, and because they have diplomatic relations with both the U.S. and North Korea. They are one of very few countries that have relationships with both countries," a White House official told CNBC on Thursday.
The city-state of 5.6 million people is an experienced host to major summits involving high-ranking officials from around the world. In 2015, it was the chosen site for a milestone meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and former Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou.
"We did not put our hand up, but we were asked," the country's minister for foreign affairs, Vivian Balakrishnan, told reporters on Tuesday during a working visit to Washington.
"The Americans approached us first. The North Koreans subsequently came to us," he added, according to a transcript of the interview. "I think Singaporeans can be proud. Proud that we've been chosen because they know that we are neutral, reliable, trustworthy and secure."

An ex-Senate Intelligence Committee security director was arrested Tuesday for allegedly lying to the FBI, who were investigating unauthorized intelligence leaks to reporters, the Justice Department revealed.
James A. Wolfe, 58, has been accused of repeatedly giving false statements to federal agents in December 2017, when he was asked about his communication with three journalists, reported CNBC. According to the indictment, the former U.S. Senate staffer also lied about giving two journalists classified information.
In 2017, Wolfe reportedly admitted to the FBI that he was untruthful in his statements about his personal relationship with a reporter, when he was confronted with photos of them together. However, he said he did not share confidential information with the person.
"[He] maintained that he had never disclosed to REPORTER #2 classified information or information that he learned as Director of Security for the (Committee) that was not otherwise publicly available," the indictment said.

The mother of a Texas teenager who used an “affluenza” defense in a fatal drunken-driving case has a warrant out for her arrest.
Court documents show a warrant was issued Thursday for Tonya Couch after she tested positive for amphetamine or methamphetamine, violating the terms of her release on bond.
Couch bonded out of jail just weeks ago. She’d been in jail after testing positive on another urinalysis. The substance she tested positive for was not disclosed in the court documents.
Couch is awaiting trial on charges of hindering apprehension and money laundering after a 2015 incident in which authorities allege she helped her son Ethan Couch flee to Mexico. He had been seen on video at a drinking party and was in danger of violating his probation from a 2013 drunken-driving wreck that killed four people. He was 16 at the time.
A psychologist at trial blamed “affluenza,” or acting irresponsibly due to wealth, for his actions in the 2013 wreck.
After returning from Mexico in 2015, Ethan Couch was jailed. He was released earlier this year to serve out the rest of his 10-year probation.

An Indiana orchestra teacher claims his former school forced him to resign after he refused to refer to a transgender student by their preferred name.
Brownsburg High School has a policy that mandates teachers call transgender students by their preferred name, in place of their birth name.
John Kluge, who taught at the high school for four years, disagreed with the rule and said he instead wanted to refer to the student by their last name.
"I feel the compelled speech of forcing a teacher to take a side on this very highly controversial topic is a violation of our First Amendment rights," Kluge told ABC affiliate WRTV.
Kluge told WRTV the school told him he must either follow the policy, resign or be fired. He said he submitted a conditional resignation later, but later withdrew the resignation before the deadline.
A school district representative told WRTV that Kluge voluntarily submitted a resignation and the administration accepted it.
Kluge believed he would be suspended pending termination on May 1, according to WRTV. He called his meeting with the administration "very threatening" and "bullying."

Despite Rudy Giuliani’s strong indication otherwise, Melania Trump did not tell her husband’s attorney that she believed the president’s denials that he had an affair with Stormy Daniels, according to the first lady’s own spokeswoman.
That’s because Melania Trump hasn’t “ever discussed her thoughts on anything” with Giuliani, spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham said in a statement to New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman.
Despite never discussing the issue with the first lady, Giuliani declared Wednesday at the Globes Capital Market Conference in Tel Aviv that Melania Trump “believes her husband, and she doesn’t think it’s true” that he had an affair in 2006 with the porn star.
Michael Avenatti, the attorney for Daniels — whose real name is Stephanie Clifford  — tweeted in response to Grisham’s statement that Giuliani is “making it up as he goes along.”
Giuliani also said in Tel Aviv that no one could believe Clifford because she’s in the adult entertainment business. The comment triggered widespread condemnation for its sexism. “I don’t believe Stormy Daniels.... The business you were in entitles you to no degree of giving your credibility any weight,” he said.

As the first officer to exchange gunfire with the mass shooter who terrorized Orlando’s Pulse nightclub on the morning of June 12, 2016, Adam Gruler was quickly hailed a hero. For his actions, the Orlando Police Department honored him with a “Pulse Valor Award,” and Rep. Val Demings (D-Fla.) invited him to be her guest at President Trump’s State of the Union address.
But nearly two years later, some of the victims and the families of those who died are telling a different story.
In a federal lawsuit filed in Orlando on Thursday, the victims and families claim that Gruler, who was working an extra job as Pulse’s security guard that night, remained outside “to ensure his own safety” while the gunman shot and killed 49 people and injured 68 others inside Pulse.
Gruler is one of 31 Orlando police officers being sued but the only one of them identified by name. The plaintiffs contend that Gruler and the other Orlando police officers acted too slowly and failed to protect the nightclub’s patrons as the gunman, Omar Mateen, opened fire on the club and then held hostages for more than three hours inside a bathroom before he was shot and killed by police.
At a news conference Thursday, family members of those who died, as well as those who were at the club that night, said they thought police could have saved more lives had they acted quicker.

A rebel-held village in northwestern Syria on Thursday was attacked in an airstrike shortly after Muslims broke their Ramadan fast after sunset, according to a human rights group in the country.
The attack killed at least 35 and wounded dozens, including children, reports said.
Such airstrikes have been relatively uncommon in recent months in the rebel-held province of Idlib, which is part of a de-escalation zone agreed on last year by Russia, Turkey and Iran.
Tens of thousands of Syrians displaced from other parts of the country have settled in Idlib province over the past two years, making it the largest populated area of Syria out of the government’s control, Middle East Eye reported.
Since 2011 when Syria’s war began, more than 350,000 people have been killed, the report said.  

President Donald Trump is outdoing the Kremlin in spoiling U.S. alliances around the world, a former envoy to Moscow has said ahead of a global summit with disgruntled foreign leaders.
Trump is set to attend the first G7 summit since his administration controversially imposed tariffs on Canada, Mexico and Washington’s closest allies in Europe, despite protest from the leaders of all involved and against the advice of U.S. senators from both parties. The move was one of the clearest signs yet that the Trump administration does not stand by commitments to U.S. partners made by generations of previous presidents.
One person who will be gleefully watching the deepening of a self-inflicted schism between the U.S. and its friends overseas is a man who is no longer invited to these summits—Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to Washington’s ex-envoy to Moscow, Michael McFaul.
“Putin has to do nothing to undermine the alliances and international institutions that helped to advance American security and prosperity for the last several decades,” McFaul wrote on Twitter. “Trump is doing all the work for him.”
Heading into the summit, Trump has entered into a Twitter spat with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of host nation Canada and President Emmanuel Macron of France, as the latter warned that he risks “being isolated.”

Argentina's national soccer team has pulled out of an exhibition match with Israel scheduled for this weekend in Jerusalem, but Israel's minister of culture and sport said it was in response to security threats against the team's star rather than political pressure from Palestinian groups.
Add World Cup as an interest to stay up to date on the latest World Cup news, video, and analysis from ABC News.
World Cup Add Interest
“The game was canceled for one reason only: threats to the life of the star Messi," Miri Regev said Wednesday night at a press conference in Tel Aviv, referencing Argentine team captain Lionel Messi.
“The terror threats against him and his family overwhelmed the world soccer star,” Regev added.
On Thursday, Reuters reported that Israel had demanded that soccer's governing body, FIFA, investigate the threats against Messi and his family.
But Saturday's match, which was sold out, is off. Fans had been clamoring to see Messi play in West Jerusalem's Teddy Kollek Stadium. Argentina's soccer federation canceled the game Tuesday, and on Wednesday, apologized to those who had bought tickets.
“Unfortunately, we cannot come to Israel in the current situation,” Claudio Tapia, the president of the federation, said at a press conference in Barcelona, where the team has been training ahead of the World Cup.

Doug Ford, the brother of troubled former Toronto mayor Rob Ford, has been elected premier of Canada's most populous province.
Mr Ford's centre-right Progressive Conservatives (PC) wrested control of Ontario from the Liberal Party for the first time since 2003.
The populist politician has drawn comparisons to US President Trump.
A former city councillor, he was close to his late brother Rob, who infamously took drugs in office.
The Conservatives took 41% of the vote, winning 76 of 124 seats in the province with 99% of polls reporting, according to local media.
Prime Minister and Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau offered his "sincere congratulations" to Mr Ford in a statement, tweeting that "Ontarians have voted for change".
Mr Ford, 53, is known for his plain-speaking style and attacks on media and the elites - whom he once described as "drinking champagne with their pinkies in the air".
The premier-designate has voiced support for Donald Trump, though he has dismissed the direct comparison and has been careful to avoid controversial comments during the hotly contested race for Ontario.
