
The Supreme Court sided with a Colorado baker on Monday in a closely watched case pitting gay rights against claims of religious freedom.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, writing for the majority in the 7-2 decision, relied on narrow grounds, saying a state commission had violated the Constitution’s protection of religious freedom in ruling against the baker, Jack Phillips, who had refused to create a custom wedding cake for a gay couple.
“The neutral and respectful consideration to which Phillips was entitled was compromised here,” Justice Kennedy wrote. “The Civil Rights Commission’s treatment of his case has some elements of a clear and impermissible hostility toward the sincere religious beliefs that motivated his objection.”
The Supreme Court’s decision, which turned on the commission’s asserted hostility to religion, strongly reaffirmed protections for gay rights and left open the possibility that other cases raising similar issues could be decided differently.
“The outcome of cases like this in other circumstances must await further elaboration in the courts,” Justice Kennedy wrote, “all in the context of recognizing that these disputes must be resolved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to indignities when they seek goods and services in an open market.”

President Donald Trump on Monday escalated his efforts to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe, calling Mueller's appointment "unconstitutional" on Twitter and insisting he has "the absolute right" to pardon himself in the event criminal wrongdoing is unearthed.
But Trump added that he would have no need to issue such a pardon because he has "done nothing wrong." He wrote online that he will comply with the Mueller probe despite his concerns about its constitutionality because, he said, he is innocent of any wrongdoing.
“As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong?” the president tweeted. “In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (& others) continues into the mid-terms!”
The declaration followed the publication of a letter from the president’s legal team making the same assertion.
In a subsequent post, the president added: "The appointment of the Special Councel [sic] is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!" The president later corrected the spelling of "counsel" in a follow-up tweet.

The U.S. Supreme Court agreed Monday to toss out a lower court ruling that allowed a 17-year-old woman from Mexico to seek an abortion at an outside medical clinic while she was held in federal custody at a detention facility in Texas.
The Trump administration urged the justices to vacate the ruling, an action that wipes out any value as legal precedent for other pregnant women in custody. The Justice Department also claimed that lawyers for the woman misled the government about when she would get the procedure.
The woman crossed the southern border on her own in September 2017, unaccompanied by relatives, and was taken into custody. After a medical examination revealed that she was pregnant, she sought an abortion. Texas authorities gave her permission, but the Department of Health and Human Services, which runs the detention facility, refused.
With the help of the ACLU and her legal guardian, she sued, and a federal judge in Washington said immigrant women in federal custody have the same right of access to an abortion as U.S. citizens. The judge ordered the government to present her to a clinic for treatment. The federal appeals court in Washington ultimately agreed, issuing its ruling October 24.

A catastrophic and deadly volcano eruption in Guatemala is affecting more than a million people. The "Volcan de Fuego," or "volcano of fire," exploded just before noon on Sunday. At least 25 people were confirmed dead as of early Monday morning, and authorities said an undetermined number were still missing, potentially trapped beneath thick ash. 
The blast belched thick black smoke over an area extending all the way to the capital, Guatemala City, about 30 miles away. More than 3,000 people have been evacuated, and Guatemala's president called for a state of emergency to be declared on Sunday night. 
Rescue operations resumed Monday morning after being suspended overnight due to the dangerous conditions. People living in villages near the volcano didn't have much time or warning to escape the lava flow, reports CBS News correspondent Don Dahler. 
The devastation from Volcan de Fuego was unrelenting. As hot molten lava flowed from the volcano's banks into small towns, people scrambled to escape. For many, it was too late. The charred bodies of several victims were strewn lifeless on the ground.
Thick black and gray ash blanketed entire towns. Hundreds of rescue workers rushed in to try to tend to the badly injured and help anyone still alive, but they struggled to reach some of the rural villages.

After the deadly shooting at Marjory Stoneman High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 students and staff teachers were killed, Hogg rose to prominence as one of the first students to speak out survivors in the spotlight.
Hogg said he leaped into adulthood in the wake of the Feb. 14 attack, helping to force forcing a national conversation about gun control. But Now, just hours after receiving his high school diploma on Sunday, Hogg said he will continue to focus on common sense gun regulations and encourage young people to vote. but also incorporate broader goals looking to cast his net beyond gun control.
“I'm gonna be taking a gap year and not going to college for a year so that I can continue to work on these issues and promote sensible legislation, for example -- not just around gun control, but around youth voter turnout,” Hogg said in an interview with ABC News’ "Nightline." “I think the fact that I was -- that I got my draft card on my 18th birthday here -- but the federal government can't register me to vote is ridiculous.
“There's a reason why the youth of America are affected by so many issues that don't affect other kids in more developed countries and it's because we do not vote,” he added.
David Hogg, a senior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, said, "There shouldn't be any more children that die."
He said he'll be taking his cause directly to the lawmakers in Washington before setting out on a 60-day road trip called “March for Our Lives: Road to Change” that will take him from on more than 50 stops nationwide, from Florida to Alaska.

Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner on Monday signed into law a $38.5 billion spending plan for state government, approving a full budget on time for the first time since he took office in 2015.
Flanked by Republican and Democratic lawmakers, Rauner touted the legislation as the product of “a great team effort, a great bipartisan effort.”
“Today we are having a small celebration,” Rauner said at a signing ceremony at the James R. Thompson Center in the Loop, adding that the budget was a compromise. “It is not perfect, but it’s a good step in the right direction.”
The budget legislation is the product of negotiations between the Democrats who control the General Assembly and Republican lawmakers allied with the governor.
Unlike in previous years, when Rauner had insisted that a budget deal come alongside approval of his broader legislative agenda, the governor this time requested only a balanced budget that required no new taxes. That meant that lawmakers were free to spend the money they’d raised through a new income tax increase that was enacted last summer over Rauner’s objections.
The plan maintains state government spending close to existing levels. It boosts funding for early childhood and K-12 education by a combined $407 million. And it projects savings of $445 million from new pension buyout options for state pensioners.

The California governor’s race was once ballyhooed as a proving ground for Democratic Party ideas in the Trump era, a blockbuster contest in which Democrats would not only pick the chief executive of the nation’s most populous state but also begin to shape the party’s agenda heading into the 2020 presidential primary.
Instead, it has devolved into a king-size flop. One day before the primary election here, the leading candidates sit largely indistinguishable on issues of substance, with little evidence of any intraparty, values-laden clash.
Rather, election day will culminate a contest that has morphed into a bizarre exercise in gaming California’s unusual, top-two primary system. Confronted with a primary in which the top two vote-getters advance to the general election regardless of party affiliation, supporters of the leading Democrats in the race, Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, focused their attention on elevating one of two lesser-known Republican candidates in an effort to manipulate the election’s outcome.
In a state where Republican registration has cratered — it now hovers at about 25 percent statewide — Newsom has a far greater chance of defeating the leading Republican, John Cox, than Villaraigosa. So the lieutenant governor has aired advertisements highlighting Cox’s conservative credentials for Republican voters to bolster his chances of finishing second.

Players scrambled and parents screamed as the maroon sedan ripped through the baseball field, infield dust flying into the Friday evening from under the car’s spinning tires.
Spectators in the stands of Goodall Park in Sanford, Maine, watched as the car wheeled down the first base line, hooked right at home plate, and gunned for a metal fence leading into the parking lot. The front bumper was careening toward 68-year-old Douglas Parkhurst and a group of children. Parkhurst, a New York native and Vietnam veteran, moved the kids from the car’s path and attempted to close a gate to keep the sedan in the ballpark when he was struck, authorities told ABC 8.

German politicians have hit back at the new US ambassador for having said he wanted to "empower" Europe's right.
Richard Grenell, appointed by President Donald Trump last year, was speaking to right-wing Breitbart News. Diplomats usually avoid political point-scoring.
A German foreign ministry spokesman said "we have asked the US side for clarification".
Lars Klingbeil, a top Social Democrat (SPD) official, accused the ambassador of "interfering" in German affairs.
Mr Klingbeil told Mr Grenell off in an angry tweet addressed to him personally.
The centre-left SPD is in a governing coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats (CDU).
Former SPD leader Martin Schulz - a previous European Parliament president - said Mr Grenell "is behaving not like a diplomat, but like a far-right colonial officer".
Mr Grenell had told Breitbart: "I think there is a groundswell of conservative policies that are taking hold because of the failed policies of the left."
His comments follow several other controversial remarks by Trump-appointed diplomats.

Russia has been accused of playing up its bond with Pyongyang by airbrushing a smile on Kim Jong Un’s face as he shook hands with Moscow’s top diplomat.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and other delegates met with North Korea’s leader on Thursday, shaking hands and trading pleasantries. Although neither side announced any major policy shift, the symbolism of the public trip, less than two weeks from Kim’s planned first meeting with a U.S. president, was evident.
Kim thanked Moscow for opposing U.S. dominance and politely asked about Russian President Vladimir Putin’s well-being, but his scowling at the camera when shaking hands with Lavrov was a touch too severe for the Kremlin. By the time Russian state channel Russia-1 broadcast its weekly news review Vesti Nedely (The Weekly News) on Sunday, Kim’s stern look had changed to a smile as the program’s anchor declared that the trip showed the U.S. “the now common Russian-North Korean position.”
In Russia, social media users were quick to mock the program, contrasting it with the official images and footage that both countries’ governments had published. There, Kim’s face remains serious in the posed photographs with Lavrov and with the rest of the Russian delegation.
“Vesti Nedely photoshopped a smile on Kim Jong Un’s face,” a parody Twitter account of the Russian foreign ministry wrote. “Everyone needs this. If there is something that somebody does not like, a smile gets photoshopped.”

The threat posed by Islamist militants to Britain is expected to remain high for the next two years and could even rise, the interior ministry said on Sunday, on the first anniversary of an attack that killed eight people in central London.
The current threat level to Britain is assessed as severe, meaning an attack is highly likely. The government said it had foiled 25 Islamist militant plots since June 2013 - 12 of those since March 2017 - and was currently handling over 500 live operations.
Britain will publish a revised counter-terrorism strategy on Monday designed to cope with what it said was a shift in the threats the country faces as militants of all ideologies adopt new tactics.
“In summary we expect the threat from Islamist terrorism to remain at its current, heightened level for at least the next two years, and that it may increase further,” the ministry said in a statement.
The threat level was raised to “critical”, its highest, twice in 2017.
A review found existing counter-terrorism policy was well-organized and comprehensive, but suggested ways it could be improved.
“The threat from terrorism is constantly evolving. Globally, terrorist groups and networks of all ideologies continue to develop organically, exploiting social media, technology and science to further their aims and ambitions,” the ministry said.

South Korean officials are playing down the likelihood of an imminent peace declaration after President Donald Trump suggested that he could declare an end to the Korean War at next week’s U.S.-North Korea summit.
South Korean representatives declined to comment officially on Monday, saying only that they were monitoring summit preparations. But behind the scenes some officials signaled caution about the prospect of a peace declaration and about what some here have called heated optimism over the possibility for such...
