
Tensions between the US government and Chinese smartphone maker ZTE seem to have abated, at least temporarily. US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC this morning that the government has "struck a deal" with ZTE to end trade sanctions. The deal includes a $1 billion penalty and a US-picked compliance department that will embed within the company and monitor it going forward. More than that, within the next 30 days, ZTE will have to install a new board of directors and executive suite, whom the compliance committee will report to directly.
"We are literally embedding a compliance department of our choosing into the company to monitor it going forward," Ross told CNBC. "They will pay for those people, but the people will report to the new chairman."
The fine is actually a bit lower than the penalties ZTE had been charged with prior, down from the initial $1.19 billion proposed in April. This mess started when it was found that the state-owned telecom had been shipping gear to Iran and North Korea, and lying about it. That led to a revived export ban after ZTE allegedly lied about punishing those involved with the scandal. The ban would end in 2025.
The export ban went so far as to cut ZTE off from one of its biggest silicon suppliers, San Diego-based Qualcomm. Ostensibly, this should've been a death sentence for ZTE. Then, late last month, US Treasury Secretary (and stone-cold fox) Steven Mnuchin announced that he'd reached a "handshake deal" with Chinese Vice Premier Liu He, that would lift the export ban. Whether said agreement is what was announced today is unclear.

By a whopping 25-point margin, voters say they’re more likely to back a congressional candidate who promises to serve as a check on President Donald Trump, according to a new national poll from NBC News and the Wall Street Journal.
And by a similar margin, they say they’re less likely to vote for someone who has supported the president on most issues.
At the same time, six-in-10 are satisfied with the U.S. economy, and a plurality of voters give Trump credit for the economic improvement.
Despite that economic optimism, however, the poll shows that Democrats enjoy a 10-point advantage on congressional preference, with 50 percent of registered voters wanting a Democratic-controlled Congress, versus 40 percent who want a GOP-controlled one.
Democrats held a 7-point edge on this question back in April, 47 percent to 40 percent.
What’s more, Democrats are more enthusiastic about the upcoming midterms, with 63 percent of them registering either a “9” or “10” on a 10-point scale of interest, while just 47 percent of Republicans signal the same level of enthusiasm.

The United States has evacuated some Americans from its consulate in the Chinese city of Guangzhou after an employee was confirmed to be suffering symptoms consistent with the mysterious illness that led to the removal of more than half of the U.S. Embassy staff in Cuba, the State Department said Wednesday.
Heather Nauert, the State Department's spokeswoman, said "several" consulate employees had returned to the United States from China for further evaluation after they were screened as part of a task force Secretary of State Mike Pompeo created last month. The force is investigating reports of hearing, vision, balance and memory damage.
The medical screenings in China are continuing, Nauert said. There are about 170 U.S. diplomats or employees and their families in Guangzhou.
The State Department said in a health alert last month that the employee in Guangzhou reported "subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure" that had no immediate explanation. Pompeo said then that the employee's symptoms were eerily similar to those reported by the Cuban embassy staff.

The great-grandmother whose sentence was commuted by President Donald Trump after an Oval Office meeting with a reality-TV star has a message for Trump.
"I’d like to tell President Trump that I am so grateful for everything that you’ve done for me and my family," Alice Johnson, 63, said Thursday on "Good Morning America." "This moment right now is happening because President Trump had mercy on me."
Johnson, who was freed after 22 years in prison, added, "I'd like to tell him that, please, please remember us, the others who have been left behind because there are so many like me who need to have an opportunity, the opportunity that I’ve had."
Kim Kardashian West working to free a 62-year-old grandmother from prison
Johnson has not heard from the White House directly since her release, she said.
Trump wished her luck in a tweet Thursday.

ep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) suggested late Wednesday that some conservatives are beginning to question whether Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) should remain in his role after he undercut President Trump’s claim that the FBI implanted a spy in his campaign.
"I have never to this point heard a single person talk about removing Speaker Ryan from the speakership,” Gaetz said on Fox Business's “Lou Dobbs Tonight.”
“Today, for the first time, I was hearing colleagues saying, ‘You know if Speaker Ryan won’t stand with us in this fight over the essentials of our democracy … do we need to look at other choices?’”
Gaetz expressed frustration over Ryan’s comments earlier Wednesday that he agreed with Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) that he had seen no evidence to support Trump’s claims that a “spy” was embedded in his 2016 presidential campaign.
Ryan also said no one is above the law in comments critical of Trump's view that he could pardon himself.
Gaetz accused Ryan of being a defender of the "deep state."

Police say a soldier stole an armored vehicle from a military installation outside Richmond, Va., Tuesday night, leading them on a two-hour chase that ended downtown with his arrest.
Police say the suspect, identified as Joshua Philip Yabut, 29, of Richmond, Va., took the vehicle from Fort Pickett in Blackstone, Va., just before 8 p.m. ET.
His unit was conducting routine training there at the time, according to Cotton Puryear a National Guard spokesman.
Yabut then headed north on Interstate 95 before entering Richmond, according to police. Around 9:40 p.m. Yabut stopped and surrendered to Virginia State Police about a block from the state capitol building.
As far as chases go, it wasn't exactly high-speed: The vehicle tops out at about 40 m.p.h. The M577 armored personnel carrier, the property of the Virginia National Guard, was not equipped with weaponry.
Still, the incident caused a stir among residents and lit up social media. Videos posted by witnesses showed a long line of police sirens blaring in pursuit of the tank-like vehicle — although Hill was careful to emphasize the vehicle is not an actual tank.

For Jennifer and Jeremy Sutcliffe, it was supposed to be a relaxing day at home. A daughter and granddaughter were coming to visit. A family cookout was planned for later in the afternoon.
But by the end of that day in late May, Jeremy Sutcliffe would be in a coma, his body ravaged by rattlesnake venom and doctors unsure whether the 40-year-old would survive.
It all started with some yard work.
To prepare for the day’s festivities, Jennifer told The Washington Post that she and her husband decided to tidy up the yard of their home near Lake Corpus Christi in southern Texas.
Jennifer was working in a flower bed when she discovered an invader that was much more sinister than pesky weeds. Hiding among her flowers was a four-foot-long Western diamondback rattlesnake.
“I reached down to pull out a little area of grass that was growing around one of my flowers, and I almost grabbed the snake,” she said. “The snake was not happy about that at all. It came up with its head, so I screamed.”
Alerted by his wife’s panic, Jeremy came over with a shovel and decapitated the snake, a move that for many other animals would have meant swift death.

Hawaii’s governor and federal emergency management officials were expected to travel to the Big Island on Thursday to discuss how to assist hundreds of residents displaced by the fiery eruption of Kilauea.
In the past month, more than 400 homes and other structures have been obliterated as the volcano's hot magma has poured through neighborhood after neighborhood, torching everything in its path. 
Volcanologists say a river of molten rock upwards of 20 feet tall tore through the Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland. 
“Vacationland is gone, there's no evidence of any properties there at all," Wendy Stovall, a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), told reporters on a conference call. 
“Vacationland is gone, there's no evidence of any properties there at all."
“I borrowed $5,000 to buy it,” he said during a community meeting. “Sounds like nothing now, but it was all I had.”
Last weekend, Kirk Rahmer became yet another resident who lost his home. 
“I left a lot of things behind because I didn’t want to feel as if I was abandoning my home," Rahmer told Hawaii News Now. "So I’m real sad. I’ve always considered myself a tenant of Pele (the goddess of volcanic fire), so this may be my eviction notice.”

The Taliban's top military council was meeting Thursday to decide whether to accept Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's cease-fire offer, two senior commander told NBC News.
Ghani announced earlier that government troops would observe a cease-fire beginning on 27 Ramadan, or June 12 on the Western calendar, and last through the Eid al-Fitr holiday, or around June 19. A statement from the president's office said the cease-fire does not include al Qaeda or the Islamic State.
The group’s leadership "will thoroughly discuss the pros and cons of the cease-fire announcement," said a member of the Taliban council.
But the fighter, who asked to remain anonymous for safety reasons and because he is not allowed to speak to the media, warned that he thought most of the Taliban's field commanders would be in favor of continuing their jihad against Afghan and foreign troops.
"There are two reasons we may not announce a cease-fire," he said. "First, jihad is the best worship and we would like to continue it in this holy month. Second, we have already deployed our fighters in different provinces and it would be too difficult to keep them in those areas without pursuing jihad.”
The Taliban did not officially respond to the government's announcement.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau apparently objected to the characterization of his country as a potential military adversary during a contentious phone call with President Trump over steel and aluminum tariffs Wednesday, prompting Trump to retort, “Didn’t you guys burn down the White House?”
CNN reporter Jim Acosta. who broke the story, characterizes this as yet another Trump misstatement, noting that it was British forces who did the burning.
In truth, this is probably a case where the “fake news media” is being too hard on Trump. Canadian forces were belligerents in the war, and not on the American side. Nitpicking about whether those forces were specifically involved in the attack on Washington is a little bit beside the point.
The War of 1812 certainly does support Trump’s underlying view that things change in international relations. The US and UK are close allies today, but 200 years ago, the United States and the British Empire were fierce rivals.

Russian President Vladimir Putin's annual call-in question show on Thursday contained broad talk of improving Russia's economy and of the coming Russia-hosted World Cup — but also some ominous warnings about World War III.
Putin frequently frames his country as resisting Western aggression designed to hold back Russia, often citing Western sanctions.
The US and other Western countries sanctioned the Russian economy in 2014 over its illegal annexation of Crimea, a Ukrainian peninsula on the Black Sea.
Asked about those sanctions on Thursday, Putin said they were "because Russia is seen as a threat, because Russia is seen as becoming a competitor."
"It is clear to us that we have to defend our interests and to do so consistently, not boorishly or rudely, in both the sphere of the economy and of defense," Putin said. "The pressure will end when our partners will be persuaded that the methods they are using are ineffective, counterproductive, and harmful to all."
Asked whether "nonstop" sanctions could lead to World War III, Putin pulled an Albert Einstein quote to deliver a dark warning.
"'I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones,'" he said, NBC News reports.
"A third world war could be the end of civilization," Putin went on, saying the high stakes "should restrain us from taking extreme steps on the international arena that are highly dangerous for modern civilization."
Perhaps more than any other country, Russia has the nuclear capability to end the world. With about 7,000 nuclear weapons making up the world's most diverse and destructive nuclear arsenal, Putin could unilaterally decide to embark on a civilization-ending war.

French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday no leader was forever, suggesting a more confrontational attitude towards U.S. President Donald Trump as leaders from the Group of Seven countries prepare to clash on trade at a summit in Canada.
French President Emmanuel Macron stands outside the Elysee Palace in Paris, France, June 4, 2018. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Asked by reporters whether the problem with Trump was that he “didn’t care about being isolated”, Macron said:
“You say the U.S. President doesn’t care at all. Maybe, but nobody is forever,” he told a news conference flanked by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. “The six countries of the G7 without the United States, are a bigger market taken together than the American market.”
“There will be no world hegemony if we know how to organize ourselves. And we don’t want there to be one,” Macron said.
Macron had so far taken a more conciliatory tone with Trump, whom he calls his “friend”. On Thursday, although he said it was important to remain civil, he signaled his intention to close ranks with other leaders.
“Maybe the American president doesn’t care about being isolated today, but we don’t mind being six, if needs be,” Macron added.
“Because these six represent values, represent an economic market, and more than anything, represent a real force at the international level today,” he said.
