
Four months after they knocked off the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl, the Philadelphia Eagles found themselves in an unexpected — well, let’s be honest, all-too-expected — clash with another powerful foe: the President of the United States.
The Eagles had been scheduled to visit the White House on Tuesday to honor their championship. But several Eagles had said, both privately and publicly, that they would not attend any White House ceremony because of their political differences with the president. (This is not unique to Trump; other athletes have skipped visits with Presidents Obama, Bush and others because of political differences.)
The President took the Eagles’ stances as a sign of personal disrespect, saying “they disagree with their President because he insists that they proudly stand for the National Anthem, hand on heart, in honor of the great men and women of our military and the people of our country.”
Trump theatrically disinvited the team from attending, the same way he’d disinvited Steph Curry and the Golden State Warriors several months before. Instead, Trump said, the White House would host a “different type of ceremony—one that will honor our great country, pay tribute to the heroes who fight to protect it, and loudly and proudly play the National Anthem.”
The president then followed that up with a Tuesday morning barrage of tweets that began with an unmistakable shot at the NFL’s new anthem policy:

President Trump blamed Attorney General Jeff Sessions Tuesday morning for allowing the Russia investigation to continue for longer than it should, all because Sessions recused himself from the probe.
“The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!”
Trump has repeatedly said he would have picked someone else as his attorney general if he knew that Sessions was going to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. His ongoing comments are raising questions again about whether he might try to remove Sessions from office, although some observers have said it would likely be difficult for Trump to get a replacement confirmed.
Special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian collusion with the 2016 Trump campaign has gone on for over a year.

New York sex-crimes detectives were dispatched around the world in recent months to gather evidence that could bring the case against disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein from the headlines to the courtroom.
After reports of sexual misconduct by Weinstein were published by the New York Times in October, sparking a global reckoning with sexual assault and harassment in the workplace and beyond, New York Police Department investigators pursued leads in at least four countries, culminating in three serious charges that could put the once-powerful movie mogul in prison for more than two decades.
On the eve of Weinstein’s arraignment on Tuesday on two counts of rape and one count of a criminal sex act, the NYPD’s former Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce, who recently retired and joined ABC News as a contributor, shared the first insider account of that seven-month investigation, which Boyce described as unique in several ways.
“Reading news reports for leads, is that normal?” Boyce said in an interview. “No, nothing’s normal about this case.”
Because of the ongoing investigation and prosecution, Boyce remains prohibited from revealing all he knows, but his account was complemented with reporting from additional sources.

A federal judge on Tuesday ordered a new hearing at which she is expected to consider accusations by prosecutors that former Donald Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort tampered with witnesses in his case.
Judge Amy Berman Jackson ordered Manafort, prosecutors, witnesses and others to be prepared to appear and to testify on June 15, according to the new order.
Prosecutors have asked Berman Jackson to rescind Manafort's bail and order him to jail ahead of his trial, which is scheduled for this autumn.
Manafort's camp has not yet addressed prosecutors' charges about the alleged witness tampering, but Berman Jackson ordered it to respond to her by Friday.
The allegations ramp up the legal pressure on Manafort, who faces federal criminal charges in both Washington, D.C., and Virginia. The office of Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller may want Manafort to take a plea deal and cooperate with prosecutors.
Manafort denies any wrongdoing and has pleaded not guilty in both his cases.

A hunch from a retired detective helped lead police to a man suspected of shooting six people to death in the Phoenix area, some of whom were connected to his divorce, authorities said after the assailant killed himself with officers closing in. A round-the-clock investigation that began late last week led police Monday to an extended-stay hotel in suburban Scottsdale where 56-year-old Dwight Lamon Jones was staying. As officers approached, they heard gunfire and found his body.
Jones' victims included a well-known forensic psychiatrist who testified against him in court in 2010, two paralegals who worked for the law office that represented the suspect's wife, a marriage-and-divorce counselor who was apparently targeted in a case of mistaken identity and another man and woman who have not been identified, authorities said.
In an unexpected twist, the suspect's ex-wife, Connie Jones, said her current husband, a retired police detective, made the connection between her divorce and the crime scenes and notified police of his suspicion Saturday night.
Connie Jones said in a statement that her ex-husband was a "very emotionally disturbed person."`

Joel Paavola usually unlocked the doors early. The 46-year-old fitness guru’s gym, the Balance Training, was in a shopping center in Belle Meade, an upscale and magnolia-hung neighborhood in south Nashville. By 5 a.m. most days, the trainer was reportedly getting to work with his clients.
On Monday around 7 a.m., three people were pushing through exercise routines when Paavola’s attacker walked through the door, police say.
Domenic Micheli, 36, is around 6 feet tall, his face ringed in a shaggy beard. In one hand he held a hatchet, in the other, an item police would later call a “cutting instrument,” the Tennessean reported.
Police say the attacker turned both weapons on the gym owner, a married father of five.
“There was a struggle,” Metro Nashville Police Department spokesman Don Aaron told reporters Monday, according to News Channel 5. “Mr. Paavola obviously tried to defend himself against this attack. But Mr. Micheli was very brutal.”
Paavola died in an ambulance rushing toward Vanderbilt Medical Center.

An off-duty FBI agent appears to have shot someone while dancing at a Denver distillery last weekend. Video footage shows the agent’s gun falling from his rear waistband when he makes a nifty back handspring; as he picks up the weapon, it appears to discharge. A fellow partygoer was hit in the lower leg, and Denver police are now investigating. How against-the-rules was it for the agent to bring his gun onto the dance floor?
There’s no law against it, exactly. Anyone can bring a gun into a bar or nightclub in Colorado, provided the establishment does not specifically forbid firearms from the premises. At the same time, state law makes it a Class 2 misdemeanor to possess a firearm while “under the influence of intoxicating liquor,” and it’s generally a very poor idea to bring a gun into a cocktail venue known for its “generous pour.” It’s not yet clear whether the FBI agent in Denver was drinking before the shooting.
When FBI agents are on duty, they aren’t subject to local gun-carry laws. They’re also expected to carry their weapons unless there’s a specific reason not to. The agent involved in the dance-floor incident is likely to have been off-duty, though. (Otherwise he must have been deep undercover.) If so, it would have been up to him as to whether to carry his weapon when he went out.

A Texas firefighter was arrested on Monday after his wife told police that he was legally married to several other women and had never finalized a divorce with any of them.
Nathaniel D'Amato was taken into custody at a fire station in Magnolia, Texas, about 44 miles northwest of Houston, after the woman told police that he had several common-law ex-girlfriends, according to ABC's Houston station KTRK.
Deputies say he has been married to a Michigan woman since 1998, KTRK said. She reportedly traveled to Texas to provide police with proof that she was still married to D'Amato.
Police had been searching for D'Amato ever since April when his wife first reported him. The woman said she kicked him out of her home after she received word from several women who claimed to still be married to him.
"She had started receiving phone calls from other females, basically indicating that they were married to the same individual she had just gotten married to," Harris County Constable Mark Herman told local reporters Monday.

In the Chinese border town of Hunchun, garment factories gladly employ squads of North Koreans, who are valued as skilled and dutiful workers. Live crab from the North wriggle in huge tanks in the fish market. Informal bankers promise to deliver the equivalent of thousands of dollars in Chinese currency to North Koreans across the border in a matter of hours.
Up and down the 900-mile border, in fact, Chinese businesspeople export and import things like Chinese-made street lighting and exotic North Korean-grown mushrooms.
By all indications, China has at least officially enforced the international sanctions that have been imposed on the North to curtail its nuclear weapons program. But on the border, the signs of North Korea’s economic dependence on China are evident in a shadow economy of cash couriers, short-term workers and gray-market trading that has persisted despite the sanctions.
And with President Trump’s summit meeting with the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, back on track, excitement is growing about the opportunities that could open up should the sanctions be eased.
Should a deal emerge from the Trump-Kim meeting on June 12 in Singapore, China is ready to extend its dominance over the North’s small and decrepit economy, where signs of an emerging market economy are also strengthening China’s hand.

Ten women in Saudi Arabia were granted driver's licenses on Monday.
But some campaigners who fought for years to quash a symbol of sexism and inequality weren't celebrating because the leaders of the movement to end the ban faced years in prison.
"The lifting of the ban on driving is a real contradiction when we see the activists who have dedicated their campaign efforts remain in detention," said Samah Hadid, Middle East director of campaigns at Amnesty International.
Video footage and photos of the lucky few who the government said already held licenses from other countries were distributed by the kingdom's Information Ministry ahead of the nationwide driving ban being lifted on June 24.
They took an eye exam and driving test before being issued licenses at the General Department of Traffic in Riyadh.
On Sunday, a government prosecutor said 17 people had been detained in recent weeks on suspicion of trying to undermine security and stability, a case activists said targeted prominent women's rights campaigners.
Eight have been temporarily released, according to prosecutors, while five men and four women remained under arrest, according to the AP. Among the women held since mid-May are Loujain al-Hathloul, Aziza al-Yousef and Eman al-Nafjan, according to people with knowledge of the arrests.

The Islamic State group's affiliate in Afghanistan has claimed responsibility for the deadly suicide bombing the previous day that targeted a meeting of the country's top clerics in the capital, Kabul.
At least seven people were killed and 20 were wounded in Monday's attack, which came shortly after the body of religious leaders, known as the Afghan Ulema Council, had issued a decree against suicide attacks and called for peace talks.
The IS claim, posted on a website linked to the militant group, says the gathering in Kabul was a meeting of "tyrant clerics" who were discussing the fight against what they call "terrorism."
Shortly after the bombing, the Taliban denied involvement in the attack, though they also denounced the gathering and its religious decree, or fatwa.

The United States is considering sending a warship through the Taiwan Strait, U.S. officials say, in a move that could provoke a sharp reaction from Beijing at a time when Sino-U.S. ties are under pressure from trade disputes and the North Korean nuclear crisis.
A U.S. warship passage, should it happen, could be seen in Taiwan as a fresh sign of support by President Donald Trump after a series of Chinese military drills around the self-ruled island. China claims Taiwan as part of its territory.
U.S. officials told Reuters that the United States had already examined plans for an aircraft carrier passage once this year but ultimately did not pursue them, perhaps because of concerns about upsetting China.
The last time a U.S. aircraft carrier transited the Taiwan Strait was in 2007, during the administration of George W. Bush, and some U.S. military officials believe a carrier transit is overdue.
Another, less provocative option would be resuming the periodic, but still infrequent, passages by other U.S. Navy ships through the Strait, the last of which was in July 2017.
The Pentagon declined comment on any potential future operations and it was unclear how soon a passage might take place.
