
National Democrats spent over $7 million in an effort to ensure they had a candidate reach the general election in three House districts in California held by Republicans. Their decision to not take their chances in the state’s “top two” system — in which the top finishers in nonpartisan, open primaries face each other in November — appears to have been a wise investment.
It was still uncertain early Wednesday whether a Democrat would secure the second slot in the race against Representative Dana Rohrabacher. But the party’s decision to intervene in the seats held by Representatives Ed Royce and Darrell Issa, Republicans who are retiring, paid off: The Democrats angered some of their own activists but appeared likely to advance candidates in both districts.
And the Democrats also got a bit of a lesson about the risks of not intervening, in the race for the seat held by Representative Jeff Denham. The Democrat Josh Harder got little outside help and appeared poised to barely edge out a little-known Republican challenger because the other five Democrats split more than 30 percent of the vote.
It did not come cheap, but if Democrats secure a narrow House majority in November they will have done so in part because they decided to aggressively compete in June.

Kim Kardashian West gets results: President Donald Trump has commuted the life sentence of Alice Johnson, the 63-year-old great grandmother in prison for drug trafficking, whose cause Kardashian lobbied for in the Oval Office.
The commutation, confirmed by the White House, comes quite quickly after Kardashian’s meeting with Trump in the Oval Office last week, which Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, arranged so the pair could talk prison reform and Johnson’s potential pardon.
Trump’s move is all the stranger because it goes against the broader policy that Trump has been pushing for drug dealers and traffickers. In response to the opioid epidemic, Trump has said that the government should execute drug dealers and traffickers. More broadly, his administration, under Attorney General Jeff Sessions, has adopted a “tough on crime” view toward drugs.
But it adds to the unusual string of pardons and commutations that Trump has carried out since he took office last year — typically to friends or allies or, as seems to be true in Kardashian’s case, causes embraced by friends and allies. That kind of nepotism has reportedly horrified even some of Trump’s top advisers, according to Ashley Parker, Robert Costa, and Josh Dawsey at the Washington Post:

President Trump brought down the hammer Wednesday on the “vicious” media coverage of Melania Trump, following days of wild conspiracy theories on the first lady's whereabouts. 
“The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!” Trump tweeted.
A media frenzy had erupted in recent days over the first lady, with reports suggesting she was “missing in action” following an announcement that she would not join the president at the looming G7 summit in Quebec and that there are “no plans” for her to travel to Singapore for the president's summit with North Korea's Kim Jong Un. 
Journalists wondered why the first lady was largely out of the public eye, but the theories took a dark turn in recent days. Trump’s reference to “abuse” comes after Rolling Stone senior writer Jamil Smith suggested on Twitter that the first lady was absent from the public eye due to domestic violence.
“I wish that I didn’t suspect that the prolonged, poorly explained public absence of Melania Trump could be about concealing abuse. I wish that it was a ludicrous prospect. I wish that the @POTUS wasn’t a man with a history of abusing women, including those whom he is married,” Smith tweeted on Sunday.

The much-anticipated meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will take place at a hotel on the Singaporean island of Sentosa, the White House has confirmed.
The 12 June summit was called off two weeks ago by Mr Trump but has since been salvaged after a flurry of contacts between the two sides.
Mr Trump said on Tuesday that plans were "moving along very nicely".
The US wants Mr Kim to commit to giving up his nuclear weapons.
But it is unclear exactly what is on the table for the discussions in Singapore. Mr Trump has suggested the first meeting will kick off a longer process of negotiations, calling it a "get-to-know-you situation".
"A lot of relationships being built, a lot of negotiations going on before the trip," he told reporters on Tuesday. "It's very important - it'll be a very important couple of days."
The summit would represent the first ever meeting between a North Korean leader and a sitting US president.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders confirmed on Twitter that the summit would take place at the five-star Capella Hotel.
But it appears that the two leaders will stay elsewhere. Mr Trump will likely be at the Shangri-La Hotel, where US presidents have stayed before, while Mr Kim will probably stay at the St Regis Singapore, the Straits Times newspaper reports. The two hotels are on the main island, near the famous Orchard Road shopping strip.

A solider stole an armored personnel carrier from a Virginia National Guard base and led authorities on more than a 60-mile chase while under the influence of drugs before being arrested in the state's capital city on Tuesday, officials said.
Virginia State Police said in a news release the incident began around 7:50 p.m., when the armored personnel carrier was driven away from Fort Pickett in Nottoway County. The military vehicle, which moves on tracks similar to a tank, was not equipped with any weaponry and is the property of the Virginia National Guard.
Police identified the driver as 29-year-old Joshua Philip Yabut of Richmond, and said he was arrested for driving under the influence of drugs in addition to being charged with felony counts of eluding police and unauthorized use of a vehicle. 
After being stolen from Fort Pickett, state police said the personnel carrier was driven east on Route 460 and then north on Interstate 95, hitting a maximum speed of about 40 mph as authorities pursued the vehicle. 
"We wanted to make sure we had the safety of the public first and foremost, and we wanted to make sure there wasn't going to be the possibility of civilians being injured in the process," State Police Sgt. Keeli Hill told WTVR.

It was Friday, June 8, 1968, and a blistering late spring heat smothered the streets surrounding St. Patrick’s Cathedral that morning a half century ago. Huge crowds of mourners stood on the sidewalks, silent, sweating, many of them crying or praying as the Requiem Mass for Robert Kennedy was ending. A long caravan of buses lined 51st Street to take nearly 700 of those attending the Mass to Penn Station. There, a 21 car funeral train waited to carry them along with the family and the casket of the second Kennedy brother to be assassinated in less than five years to a plot at Arlington National Cemetery, 20 feet from his older brother’s grave.
A long-time Kennedy advance man, Jim King from Massachusetts, pushed me on to one of the buses where I sat next to Ken O’Donnell, another Massachusetts native who was a top White House assistant to John F. Kennedy. I was a young guy, a nobody from nowhere. I got an invitation to Mass and the train only because I had done volunteer work in a couple different states during Robert Kennedy’s 85-day presidential campaign in the traumatic spring of 1968.
That year was a calendar that bled. The wounds came on a daily basis. Martin Luther King had been killed in Memphis, cities burned and by Tuesday June 5th when Bob Kennedy was shot in a kitchen at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles more than 6000 American soldiers and Marines had already died in Vietnam in a war that was carving a wound in the American soul that has not yet fully healed all these years later.

Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) on Wednesday pushed back against President Trump’s “spygate” claims, siding with Rep. Trey Gowdy’s (R-S.C.) defense of the FBI’s investigation into Trump’s campaign and Russia.
“Chairman Gowdy’s initial assessment is accurate, but we have more digging to do,” Ryan told reporters during his weekly news conference.
While both Ryan and Gowdy received a closed-door briefing on the bureau’s use of an informant in the investigation, there is still an outstanding request to view the underlying documents to support the briefing.
"We have some more documents to review. We still have some unanswered questions... If we got all the information we were looking for, we could wrap this up faster," Ryan said.
"I have seen no evidence to the contrary of the initial assessment Chairman Gowdy has made. But I want to make sure that we run every lead down and make sure we get final answers to these questions."
A week after the closed-door briefing, Gowdy told CBS News that he had seen no evidence to support Trump’s claims that a “spy” was improperly inserted into his 2016 campaign.
The Oversight and Government Reform Committee chairman, who is retiring, said he did not believe the FBI had done anything out of bounds in its investigation, and defended the use of informants by the bureau and other law enforcement agencies.

Democrats Cindy Axne and Abby Finkenauer won their respective primary elections in Iowa on Tuesday night, landing them one step closer to becoming the first women the state has ever sent to the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Axne, a small-business owner and community activist, beat out two men running for Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District, including Pete D’Alessandro, a former campaigner for presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. Finkenauer, currently a member of the Iowa House of Representatives, overcame three other candidates for the state’s 1st District.
Both will face incumbent Republican candidates holding vulnerable seats in Congress in the November midterm elections, but the two women have garnered widespread support in Iowa and the country at large. Axne and Finkenauer have each secured endorsements from the progressive political action group EMILY’s List and raised hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations.
“We did it! I’m honored to be your Democratic nominee for #IA03,” Axne wrote on Twitter after the primary was called. “Everyone played a critical role in this victory & I couldn’t be more grateful for your support.” 
Finkenauer posted her own note to social media, saying she was “honored to be your nominee in the First District.”

The death toll from Guatemala's Fuego volcano rose to at least 75 on Tuesday, with at least 192 missing, amid a new round of strong explosions that scattered ash over a wide area and forced authorities to issue new evacuation orders.
The scenes of devastation were accompanied by heartbreaking stories of whole families that were devastated by the disaster — the biggest eruption from the mountain in four decades.
The Associated Press spoke with Lilian Hernandez, who has 36 family members missing and presumed dead — aunts, uncles, cousins, her grandmother and two great-grandchildren — in the town of San Miguel Los Lotes.
"My cousins Ingrid, Yomira, Paola, Jennifer, Michael, Andrea and Silvia, who was just 2 years old," the distraught and weeping woman told the news agency.
Tuesday afternoon, as ash from the volcano reached 16,000 feet, Guatemala's seismology and volcanology institute warned of a new pyroclastic flow of hot, toxic gasses and debris from the volcano, one of the most active in Central America.

Donald Trump does not want to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. He wants to kill it.
That, more or less, is the message Larry Kudlow, director of the White House’s National Economic Council, delivered during a Tuesday morning appearance on Fox & Friends. The president “is very seriously contemplating kind of a shift in the NAFTA negotiations,” which are currently at an impasse, Kudlow said. “His preference now, and he asked me to convey this, is to actually negotiate with Mexico and Canada separately. He prefers bilateral negotiations.”
Saying that you want to carve NAFTA into a series of two-way deals is another way of saying that you want to end it. The entire point of the pact is to create a single set of rules for trade between Canada, the United States, and Mexico. Without that, there is no NAFTA.
Despite being the bearer of bad news for free trade supporters, Kudlow tried to reassure viewers that the White House isn’t about to do anything rash. “The president isn’t going to leave NAFTA,” he said. “He’s not going to withdraw from NAFTA. He’s just going to try a different approach.” This is not especially soothing, though, since it’s not clear why Canadian or Mexican officials would agree to negotiate one-on-one with Washington unless the White House first pulled out of the current deal. At the moment, it sounds like Trump is essentially demanding the house and sole custody of the kids before even filing for divorce.

European refiners are winding down oil purchases from Iran, closing the door on a fifth of the OPEC member’s crude exports after the United States imposed sanctions on Tehran, company and trading sources said.
Although European governments have not followed Washington by creating new sanctions, banks, insurers and shippers are gradually severing ties with Iran under pressure from the U.S. restrictions, making trade with Tehran complicated and risky.
U.S. President Donald Trump on May 4 announced his decision to quit a landmark 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers and reimposed sanctions on Tehran. The sanctions on Iran’s petroleum sector will take effect after a 180-day “wind-down period” ending on Nov. 4.
“We cannot defy the United States,” said a senior source at Italy’s Saras, which operates the 300,000-barrels-per-day (bpd) Sarroch refinery in Sardinia.
Saras is determining how best to halt its purchasing of Iranian oil within the permitted 180 days, the source said, adding: “It is not clear yet what the U.S. administration can do but in practice we can get into trouble.”

The brief abduction of a prominent Pakistani social activist and newspaper columnist known for her strident criticism of the country's powerful military has raised fears of a renewed crackdown on dissent in the South Asian country.
Gul Bukhari, 52, was abducted by several unidentified men while she was on her way to a television news studio in the eastern city of Lahore on Tuesday night, a family member told Al Jazeera.
Several hours later, she was released, they confirmed, although they did not provide any details regarding the attack.
The abduction has heightened fears among activists and journalists, coming as it does in the wake of widespread censorship of news considered critical of the military and certain political parties, and prompted concern that a new wave of intimidation is imminent.
Bukhari, who is a vocal critic of the military and its alleged role in censoring Pakistan's media and involving itself in political processes, was abducted a day after the military warned that it was monitoring social media activity for "anti-state, anti-Pakistan and anti-army" material.
"We do have the capability to monitor social media, to see who is doing what," said Major-General Asif Ghafoor, the military's spokesperson, on Monday.
