
The series of photos on the front page of the ruling workers' party newspaper showed something North Koreans never would have imagined just months ago -- their leader Kim Jong Un warmly shaking hands with President Donald Trump. The priority treatment of what even Pyongyang is calling the "historic" meeting between Kim and Mr. Trump in Singapore underscores just how much of a propaganda coup the North saw in Tuesday's unprecedented summit.
CBS News correspondent Seth Doane says the pictures on the front page of the North Korean newspaper are exactly what the regime wanted its people to see; Kim looking like a respected world leader -- not a brutal dictator from a poor and isolated country. 
Dubbing it the start of a new relationship between their countries, which are still technically at war, Pyongyang's first reports Wednesday stressed to the North Korean people that Mr. Trump agreed at Kim's demand to halt joint military exercises with South Korea as long as talks toward easing tensions continue and suggested that Mr. Trump also said he would lift sanctions as negations progressed.
The joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises have taken place for decades. Tracy says they have been designed to keep the more than 28,000 American troops stationed in the South prepared for combat. But after his meeting with Kim, President Trump called them "provocative… war games" -- the very same language the North Koreans use to describe the drills in their anti-U.S. propaganda.

Rep. Mark Sanford, a vocal critic of President Trump, lost his South Carolina congressional seat hours after the president injected himself into the bitter Republican primary by stoking memories of the incumbent's public extramarital affair several years ago.
In the most dramatic result in primaries across five states Tuesday, Sanford was the second incumbent House Republican to lose a primary this year - and the latest victim of intense divisions among the GOP in the Trump era.
Though he has a generally conservative voting record, his criticism of Mr. Trump as unworthy and culturally intolerant made him a target of the president's most dedicated supporters, who often elevate loyalty over policy.
Sanford was defeated by state Rep. Katie Arrington , who spent her campaign blasting Sanford as a "Never Trumper."
And hours before polls closed, Mr. Trump posted a startlingly personal attack on Twitter, calling Sanford "very unhelpful."
"He's MIA and nothing but trouble," the president continued. "He is better off in Argentina."
The swipe was a reference to Sanford's unexplained disappearance from the state in 2009, which he later said was part of an affair he was carrying on with a woman in Argentina.

Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper has spent the last six years promoting his radical plan to cut California into pieces, but for a long time no one took him seriously.
In 2014, amid his attempt to divvy up the state into what vaguely resembled a six-piece jigsaw puzzle, Stephen Colbert invited him on the show to discuss what Colbert called a “rock solid plan that needs no further explanation” and “a great new plan to make California whole again by breaking it apart.”
“Yes, it’s an opportunity to reboot,” Colbert said, echoing Draper’s own words. “But just like restarting Windows, it might take a few years.”
A good-humored Draper rolled with the punches as Colbert ripped the new states of “Silicon Valley, the richest state per capita,” and “Jefferson, famous for producing 60 percent of the country’s marijuana.” But after the “Six Californias” plan failed to make it onto the ballot for the second time that year since 2012, Draper redrew the state lines. He emerged last September with a more modest idea: Cal-3, the plan to slice California in thirds, rather than sixths.
Now, the state — and, possibly, the rest of the country — is going to have to take him slightly more seriously,
On Tuesday, the California secretary of state confirmed in a memo that Draper’s Cal-3 campaign attained enough valid signatures to earn a spot on the ballot Nov. 6. After more than 150 years of failed partition proposals, California voters will finally go to the polls to decide whether they want to relinquish their monopoly of the Pacific coast and become three new states.

The United States has gotten its first good World Cup news in four years. On Wednesday morning, the United 2026 bid, a joint effort to share the tournament three ways between the U.S., Mexico, and Canada, defeated a proposal from Morocco to win the right to host FIFA’s international soccer showcase eight years hence.
This victory comes with its share of bad news. Security at airports and stadiums and fan festivals across the country will be smothering. We’ll also be enabling FIFA’s corruption and graft. There will be scammers and swindlers and potential match-fixers and petty crooks and under-the-table deals and briefcases filled with cash left in designated drop-off locations.
But there are positives to hosting the World Cup in North America as well, especially after two straight tournaments in more autocratic countries. People will find it easier to speak out and print stories about and protest poor labor conditions and other injustices here. Despite Mexican fans’ abhorrent chanting of an anti-gay slur, LGBTQ fans will find a more welcoming atmosphere in North America than they will in Russia or in Qatar in 2022. With the bad element will come the good, and if we don’t believe the benefit of welcoming high-level human achievement and the travelling fans who come to see it outweighs the negative, then we shouldn’t bid for a World Cup or an Olympics or a Formula 1 race or a Super Bowl ever again. The time is now to start thinking about how to host a better, more humane World Cup. It will certainly be the best opportunity the world has had in a while.

An FBI agent whose gun appeared to accidentally fire in a video showing him dancing at a Denver nightclub and doing a back flip before dropping the weapon has been booked into jail. Chase Bishop, who is based in the bureau's Washington Field Office, was charged Tuesday with one count of second-degree assault, the Denver District Attorney's office said.
Bishop turned himself in to the Denver Sheriff Department on Tuesday morning after a warrant was issued for his arrest, according to Denver police.
Denver Police had previously said they were awaiting the results of alcohol and drug tests before making an arrest. The district attorney's office said in a statement investigators are still awaiting the tests to determine Bishop's blood alcohol content at the time of the incident, and additional charges may be pending.
"We are filing this charge now rather than waiting until the [blood alcohol content] report is received, which we understand could take another week, because sufficient evidence has been presented to file it," Denver District Attorney Beth McCann said in the statement. "If an additional charge needs to be filed after further evidence is received, we can file those charges then."
Video from the June 3 incident shows Bishop landing a backflip at the Mile High Spirits bar, and reaching down to pick up the weapon that had fallen from his pants. As he grabs the gun, it can be seen firing.

Corey Stewart, the controversial chairman of the Prince William County Board of Supervisors, has won the Virginia GOP Senate primary.
Stewart, who was long the frontrunner in the race, was projected by the Associated Press to win the primary Tuesday night. He finished less than 2 percentage points ahead of state Delegate Nick Freitas, the pick of more moderate Republicans in the state. 
Stewart previously fell just short in the state’s gubernatorial primary last year but has repeatedly won elected office in Prince William County.
His victory Tuesday signals a hardening of the GOP primary electorate that many Republicans say would hurt the party in November.
The newly-minted Virginia Senate GOP nominee has argued that the state needs a candidate with a sharper edge in order to defeat incumbent Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.).
Stewart told The Hill earlier this year that he’s a “ruthless, aggressive campaigner” and that it’s “a mistake to avoid controversial issues.” 
Kaine's communications director, Ian Sams, blasted Stewart in a statement released shortly after the primary was called.
"A cruder imitation of Donald Trump who stokes white supremacy and brags about being 'ruthless and vicious,' Corey Stewart would be an embarrassment for Virginia in the U.S. Senate." he said.

The Trump administration is considering erecting tent cities at a military base in Texas to house unaccompanied migrant children currently held in detention, McClatchy reported on Tuesday.
In the coming weeks, Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) officials will visit Fort Bliss, the Army base near El Paso, Texas, to look at the land where they are considering building a tent city that would hold between 1,000 to 5,000 children, U.S. officials with knowledge of the plan told McClatchy.
HHS has been looking into using military bases to house immigrant minors since at least last month.
Dyess Air Force Base in Abilene, Texas; Goodfellow Air Force Base in San Angelo, Texas; and Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkansas are also being considered by HHS officials as temporary shelters.
The number of migrant children without their parents being held by the federal government has grown by more than 20 percent since the administration began to strongly enforce a policy that separates migrant parents and children who are apprehended by authorities, McClatchy reported.
According to the report, more than 10,000 migrant children are currently being held in HHS shelters, putting the shelters at 95 percent capacity.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the separation policy is a way to deter migrants from entering the country illegally.

It has become exceedingly challenging to cut through the ever-growing bramble of news coverage around gun rights and laws in the United States.
What's fact? What's chatter? Take this quiz to find out.
About how many guns are in the United States?
The Second Amendment, which contains only 27 words, has long been interpreted in different ways. Some believe it guarantees a collective right to arms, some believe it guarantees an individual right to arms, and others believe the amendment covers both.
In 2008, the Supreme Court clarified its meaning in a landmark decision. Which did the ruling explicitly support?
Since 17 people were killed in a school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February, President Trump has suggested several tactics to help deter mass shootings. Which of these is not one of them?
Student leaders, some of them Parkland survivors, have led a national call for stronger restrictions on firearms, a central message of the March for Our Lives rallies held in March.
In a Quinnipiac poll conducted after the Parkland attack, how many Americans said they supported background checks?
The National Rifle Association, which was founded in 1871 in New York, has about how many card-carrying members?

China is setting its sights on a key role in North Korea’s future, seeking to be part of any peace treaty, weapons inspections and economic assistance, after emerging as a surprise beneficiary of the summit between the U.S. and North Korean leaders.
Chinese officials are expected to stake out their positions for a post-summit North Korea when U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo visits Beijing on Thursday to discuss the outcome of the talks between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

A vessel carrying more than 900 migrants has docked on the Italian island of Sicily.
The Italian coastguard vessel, the Diciotti, had picked up the migrants off the coast of Libya.
Italy on Sunday had refused to allow the Franco-German ship Aquarius, packed with migrants, to dock, sparking an international row.
The Diciotti was allowed to land as it is an Italian vessel carrying out a government mission.
It sailed into Catania on Wednesday morning, carrying 937 migrants and the bodies of two people who had died making the voyage.
The Aquarius, which is carrying 629 migrants, is run by the Franco-German NGO SOS Méditerranée and had to be granted permission to dock.
Matteo Salvini, Italy's new interior minister and leader of the right-wing League party, refused permission as part of a new hard line policy on migrants.
He said Malta should accept the Aquarius but it refused, arguing it fell under Italy's jurisdiction.

Two of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s closest aides - a former military intelligence chief and the country’s foreign minister - are being talked of as the most likely candidates to negotiate with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on denuclearization.
Whether Kim will plump for his hardline former spy chief Kim Yong Chol or genteel career diplomat, Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, could provide a clue on what approach Pyongyang will take at the talks, political analysts and experts on North Korea said.
Kim Jong Un vowed in a joint statement at Tuesday’s historic summit in Singapore with U.S. President Donald Trump to work for denuclearization, and Trump promised security guarantees for North Korea in exchange.
They offered few details, and agreed to hold talks “at the earliest possible date” to implement the outcomes of the summit with Pompeo leading the U.S. side. But the statement did not specify his North Korean counterpart by name, saying it would be a “relevant, high-level” official.
That would restrict the possible candidates to a handful of men trusted by Kim within North Korea’s highly opaque leadership circle.
Both Kim Yong Chol and Ri accompanied Kim Jong Un to Singapore for the summit and were seated with him at the table during talks that included the two delegations.

America’s relationship with Canada has sunk to a surreal new low thanks to tensions over trade/Donald Trump. And when anybody asks Donald Trump to explain why he’s so furious at Ottawa, he almost always circles back to one topic: The dairy industry.
The dairy industry! Our neighbors to the north have long used high tariffs to shield their domestic milk producers from foreign competition, and the issue seems to have become a fixation for the president. Trump tweeted and talked about it incessantly before and after last weekend’s disastrous G-7 summit. “I love Canada,” he told reporters, “But they treat us unfairly on trade. Very, very unfairly. You see the numbers. Almost 300 percent on dairy.” The president even went so far as to suggest that he imposed steel tariffs on Canada in retaliation for the country’s protectionist stance on butter and cream. (This seemingly contradicted the administration’s official line, which was that the steel tariffs were necessary for U.S. national security).
The president isn’t necessarily wrong to criticize Canada’s dairy policies, which are antiquated and harmful for the country’s own consumers, as well as American farmers. But his obsession with the subject is yet another example of his rhetoric on trade being broadly misleading, even when it gets specifics right.
