
President Trump and Kim Jong Un will meet for the first time in an unprecedented summit in Singapore on Tuesday. The stakes are high -- the U.S. seeks nothing less than the complete and verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula, and Kim wants to see the sanctions on the North eased.
After they greet each other, Mr. Trump and Kim will participate in a one-on-one meeting, with translators only, an expanded meeting including their top advisers and a working lunch. According to the White House, the discussions between the U.S. and North Korea are "ongoing and have moved more quickly than expected."
The White House says that the United States' delegation at the larger meeting will include Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, White House chief of staff John Kelly, and National Security Adviser John Bolton.
Cameras are stationed outside the hotels where Mr. Trump and Kim are staying. They're expected to depart their respective locations at 8 p.m. ET for the drive to the Capella Hotel, where the meeting will take place:
The White House says the president spoke on the phone with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Monday ahead of the summit.

Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions has ordered immigration judges to stop granting asylum to most victims of domestic abuse and gang violence, a move that could block tens of thousands of people, especially women, from seeking refuge in America.
The decision, which immigration advocates are sure to aggressively fight, comes as Sessions seeks to use the authority of his office to sharply change U.S. immigration law to make it less friendly to asylum seekers.
The attorney general has the power to issue decisions that serve as binding precedents for immigration judges. In this instance, he used a case involving a victim of domestic violence from El Salvador to rule that survivors of such “private” crimes are not eligible for asylum under U.S. law.
The woman, referred to in immigration court as A.B., for her initials, said she was fleeing years of physical and emotional abuse by an ex-husband who had raped her. An immigration judge had denied her asylum claim, but the Board of Immigration Appeals ruled in her favor in 2016, saying the Salvadoran government had shown it was incapable of protecting her, even after she moved to another part of the country.

On the eve of a historic meeting between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo dangled new security concessions while publicly downplaying expectations that the nuclear summit will lead to anything beyond future talks.
As senior U.S. and North Korean negotiators huddled all day in working-level talks, Pompeo highlighted the extraordinary nature of the rushed Singapore summit, which brings a mercurial U.S. president and an erratic North Korean dictator face to face for the first time to haggle over the apocalyptic threat of nuclear war.
“There are only two people that can make decisions of this magnitude, and those two people are going to be sitting in a room together tomorrow,” Pompeo told reporters here Monday.
Several hours later, Kim made clear he was tired of waiting, so the normally secretive autocrat found an unexpected way to soften his image and make fresh headlines: He went sightseeing for an hour.
Kim’s motorcade left his heavily fortified luxury hotel shortly after 9 p.m. and headed to some of the busiest tourist destinations in downtown Singapore, including the rooftop of the Marina Bay Sands hotel and the Jubilee Bridge.
Surrounded by his entourage, a throng of bodyguards and Singapore government officials, Kim took in the sights and basked in camera flashes, greeted by a curious and buzzy crowd everywhere he went.

An Air Force officer who deserted the military in 1983 has been located in California, where he was living under a false name, according to authorities.
The Air Force Office of Special Investigations announced late last week that William Howard Hughes Jr. had been apprehended "without incident."
Hughes, who had top-secret clearance when he was in the Air Force, worked on classified NATO systems, the AFOSI says. He deserted in July 1983 after a temporary assignment in the Netherlands, and was last seen around Albuquerque, N.M., withdrawing $28,500 from 19 different bank locations.
"Interviews of friends, associates and coworkers failed to disclose information regarding Hughes' whereabouts," the AFOSI wrote. "Checks with law enforcement agencies both in the United States and overseas also failed to locate him."
But more than 30 years after he dropped off the grid, Hughes was caught. The U.S. State Department was investigating Hughes — who claimed to be "Barry O'Beirne" — for possible passport fraud when he revealed his true identity.
"Capt. Hughes claimed that in 1983 he was depressed about being in the Air Force so he left, created the fictitious identity of O'Beirne and has been living in California ever since," the Air Force writes.

Sasha, an 8-month-old pit bull, was sitting outside of her Stockton, California, home Sunday, June 3 when flames began to engulf the apartment building. Sasha's owner, Nana Chaichanhda, and her baby were inside.
The quick-thinking dog jumped into action, alerting Chaichanhda about the fire before she even realized the blaze herself. The fire eventually destroyed most of the four-plex, but not before Sasha helped get her family out.
"June 3, 2018, I was awaken by my pit bull pup Sasha banging and crying at my backyard door. Little did I know, Sasha would become my hero," Chaichanhda wrote on a GoFundMe page intended to raise money after losing her home in the fire.
"My neighbors home was totally destroyed, and the fire was quickly spreading to my unit," the mother wrote. "[Sasha] was trying to warn us of the fire. I got out of bed to see what was going on. At that moment I opened the back door and Sasha ran into our home, straight into our bedroom."
Chaichanhda said at first she was confused, then realized her cousin's apartment, which was right next door, was up in flames. "I ran into the bedroom, where Sasha was already dragging my 7-month-old baby off the bed by her diaper," she wrote. "Thanks to Sasha we were able to get out safe and call 911."

Former Biscayne Park Police Chief Raimundo Atesiano and two former patrol officers have been indicted for conspiring to violate a juvenile's civil rights by intentionally making a false arrest, the U.S. Department of Justice announced Monday in a news release.
According to the indictment, Atesiano ordered former officers Charlie Dayoub and Raul Fernandez to falsely arrest a 16-year-old, identified only as T.D., in 2013 in connection with four unsolved burglaries. 
Prosecutors said the police chief wanted the teen arrested, although there was no legitimate basis to arrest the teen, "in order to maintain a fictitious 100 percent clearance rate of reported burglaries."
T.D. was arrested June 13, 2013.
Prosecutors said the officers gathered information for four unsolved burglaries and wrote up four fictitious arrest affidavits, linking T.D. to the crimes.
According to the indictment, the police chief and officers knew there was no credible evidence against the teen and no lawful basis to make the arrest.
Less than a month later, on July 9, 2013, Atesiano announced at a meeting of the City Council for The Village of Biscayne Park that his department had a 100 percent clearance rate for burglaries, prosecutors said.
Atesiano, Dayoub and Fernandez are charged with conspiracy to violate civil rights under color of law and deprivation of the victim's civil rights.

Heading into the midterm elections, President Trump has become a one-man litmus test in some of his party’s primaries, imperiling incumbents in races where policy issues seem to matter less to voters than personal loyalty to the president.
Perhaps nowhere has this been seen more acutely than in Alabama’s Second Congressional District, where Republican voters face a peculiar choice in a runoff: A congresswoman who condemned Mr. Trump but has since voted nearly in lock step with him, or a challenger who was once a Democrat who supported Nancy Pelosi, but now sounds much like the president.
“It’s like a lot of elections: Which is the best of a bad choice?” said Brandon Shoupe, a Republican and county commissioner in southeast Alabama who has not endorsed either the incumbent, Martha Roby, or her runoff rival, Bobby Bright. “You’ve got an unpopular flavor of Republican currently holding the office, and then you’ve got a former Democrat that’s running.”
But the unusual pairing barely fazed many Republican voters. Indeed, Linda Lane-Overton, who lives in Alabama’s Wiregrass region, said she had comfortably arrived at a two-part test for making her decision.
“We have to look at both candidates and feel sure that our vote will be for the candidate that can win the election in November — and be loyal to our president,” she said on Thursday.
The fact that an incumbent like Ms. Roby has been forced into a runoff by questions of personal fealty illustrates the potency of the issue in this year’s Republican primaries. Another test of just how dangerous it can be for a Republican lawmaker to cross Mr. Trump looms on Tuesday.

Authorities in Orlando on Monday said a suspect who shot a police officer has barricaded himself in an apartment in the central Florida city with four children.
Officers arrived at an apartment complex near the Universal Orlando theme park late Sunday after a woman said she been battered by the suspect, whom she described as her boyfriend, police said.  
Police and the suspect Gary Lindsey Jr. — who is with four children ages 1,6, 10, and 11 in the apartment — exchanged gunfire and one officer was seriously injured. The woman had left the apartment after she was allegedly assaulted.
Police chief John Mina said that the officer, Kevin Valencia, was listed in critical condition with "very significant injuries" but is expected to survive. It was unclear if the suspect had been injured in the gunfire. Police negotiators urged the man to give himself up.
“We are trying to negotiate with the subject so that he peacefully surrenders,” Mina said. “Our main concern right now is the safety of the children in that apartment.”
Mina said that during the standoff, which began around 11:45 p.m. Sunday, police negotiators have engaged Lindsey in talks five times. Lindsey is the father of two of the children, while the other two are children of the girlfriend, according to police.
Lindsey is a convicted felon who has previously faced arson and domestic abuse charges, Mina said.

The United Nations and the International Committee for the Red Cross withdrew their staff members from the besieged Yemeni port city of Al Hudaydah, fearing that an attack by forces led by the United Arab Emirates was imminent, officials said Monday.
Frantic diplomacy to stave off an attack on the city of 600,000 people and avert a potential humanitarian disaster moved to the United Nations on Monday, where the Security Council held a closed-door briefing on the situation.
“We are, at the present moment, in intense consultation,” the United Nations Secretary General António Guterres said Monday. “There is a lull in the fighting to allow for them, and I hope that it will be possible to avoid a battle for Hudaydah.”
In Washington, bipartisan efforts were underway in the Senate to warn the Emirates and its ally in Yemen, Saudi Arabia, that a military assault on Al Hudaydah could result in the United States cutting off funding for aerial refueling, which has been crucial to the Saudi air campaign there.
Although the Trump administration has developed close ties with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, many members of Congress and international diplomats blame the two countries for exacerbating what the United Nations says is the world’s worst humanitarian crisis with indiscriminate attacks that have been responsible for thousands of civilian deaths.
An attack on Al Hudaydah would “plunge the country further into humanitarian disaster and risk opening another power vacuum for Al Qaeda to fill,” said Representative Ted Lieu, a Democrat of California and a former Air Force lawyer. “If they cross that red line, the U.S. will have a strategic, moral and legal obligation to cut off all support for the coalition in Yemen.”

Spain's prime minister has said the country will take in a rescue ship stranded in the Mediterranean, to help avoid a humanitarian disaster.
Pedro Sánchez said he would give "safe harbour" to the Aquarius and the 629 people on board, after Italy and Malta both refused to let the ship dock.
The UN refugee agency and the EU had both called for a swift end to the stand-off between the two countries.
Mr Sánchez, who took office a week ago, said the ship would dock in Valencia.
The migrants aboard the Aquarius were picked up from inflatable boats off the coast of Libya at the weekend, in six different rescue operations, according to the NGO SOS Méditerranée.
"It is our duty to help avoid a humanitarian catastrophe and offer a safe port to these people, to comply with our human rights obligations," Mr Sanchez's office said.
The Council of Europe welcomed Spain's move, with the organisation's Commissioner for Human Rights, Dunja Mijatovic, tweeting: "Saving lives at sea is an obligation that states must always uphold."
Malta's Prime Minister Joseph Muscat tweeted his gratitude to Spain, saying Italy had broken international rules and caused a standoff.
He said Malta would be sending fresh supplies to the vessel, adding: "We will have to sit down and discuss how to prevent this from happening again. This is a European issue."

At least 12 people have been killed, and more than 30 others wounded after a suicide bomber targeted an Afghan ministry building in Kabul, a government spokesman said.
The attacker blew himself at the entrance of the Rural Rehabilitation and Development Ministry in the west of the capital of Afghanistan, interior ministry spokesman, Najib Danish, said on Monday.
"Woman, children and employees of the (rehabilitation) ministry are among the victims," the interior ministry spokesman told Reuters news agency.
No group has claimed responsibility for the deadly attack.
Afghan Taliban on Saturday announced a surprise three-day ceasefire over the Muslim Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of this week, their first offer of its kind.
The Taliban ceasefire came days after the government declared an unconditional ceasefire of its own against the armed group.
It was not clear exactly when the Taliban ceasefire would begin, as Eid starts when the moon is first sighted; it will be Thursday or Friday. The government ceasefire runs until June 20.
Meanwhile on Monday, at least six civilians were killed in Ghazni province when a roadside bomb struck a minibus. In a separate attack in the same province, up to 10 Taliban fighters and three policemen were killed in clashes with security forces.

The rhetoric that China is poised to fill the global leadership vacuum left by Donald Trump’s “America First” policy was represented in a visually compelling way over the weekend.
At the annual G7 summit, held this year in Canada, Trump clashed with fellow world leaders over tariffs and trade, and eventually withdrew his endorsement of the group’s joint statement. One of the most awkward moments of the gathering was captured in a photo posted by German chancellor Angela Merkel on her Instagram account that has quickly become an internet classic. In it, Merkel, with other world leaders standing around her, stares coldly down at a seated Trump, who has his arms crossed in apparent defiance.
Meanwhile, the scenes were quite different at a weekend summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in China. The SCO is a Eurasian political, economic, and security organization founded in 2001. It’s viewed by some as a counterbalance to NATO and includes among its eight members Russia, Kazakhstan, and as of last year India and Pakistan.
Chinese president Xi Jinping called for “unity and harmony” on global affairs, including free trade and combating terrorists, among the SCO’s member states. In one photo, Xi and Russia’s Vladimir Putin, with smiles on their faces, lead other world leaders to stride into a dining hall. In another, the two autocrats drink what appears to be Chinese liquor together, apparently in a great mood.
