
President Trump said on Friday that a new internal Justice Department report proved there had been F.B.I. bias against him ahead of the 2016 presidential election, citing “vicious” texts between investigators and findings that he said illustrated “criminal” behavior by the bureau’s former director.
In a wide-ranging interview on Friday morning with “Fox and Friends,” Mr. Trump said that he did not want to get involved in Justice Department matters but that what the former F.B.I. director James B. Comey had done “was a terrible thing to the people.”
“I would never want to get involved in that,” Mr. Trump said when he was asked if Mr. Comey should be “locked up.”
“Certainly he, they just seem like criminal acts to me. What he did was criminal.” He added: “What he did was so bad in terms of our Constitution, in terms of the well-being of our country. What he did was horrible.”
Mr. Trump continued: “Should he be locked up? Let somebody make a determination.”
The inspector general report, released on Thursday, covered the F.B.I.’s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server and was anxiously awaited by Mr. Trump. It concluded that Mr. Comey was insubordinate and broke with longstanding policy in his handling of the Clinton email investigation. But it found no evidence that Mr. Comey showed political bias in his oversight of the investigation. The report made no accusations of criminal wrongdoing.`

The Trump administration moved the U.S. to the edge of a trade war with China by announcing tariffs on $50 billion in Chinese imports and pledging additional investment restrictions, which Beijing immediately vowed to retaliate against.
The response from China signaled a rapid escalation of the dispute. China will impose tariffs with “equal scale, equal intensity” on imports from the U.S. and all of the country’s earlier trade commitments are now off the table, the Commerce Ministry said in a statement on its website late Friday.
President Donald Trump on Friday pledged more tariffs if China follows through on the retaliation threats, without specifying an amount. In April, he asked officials to consider an additional $100 billion in levies. Meanwhile, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said an announcement on U.S. investment restrictions on China will follow in the next two weeks.
“Our hope is that it doesn’t lead to a rash reaction from China,” Lighthizer said in an interview on Fox Business Network on Friday. “We hope that this leads to further negotiations and we hope it leads to China changing its policies, at least with respect to us, and opening up their market.”
The first wave of tariffs will hit $34 billion in goods and take effect July 6, with another $16 billion still to be reviewed, the U.S. Trade Representative said in a separate statement.

After more than an hour delay, Stormy Daniels took the stage at the Admiral Theatre on Thursday night in a performance that moved as quickly as today’s news cycle and, ultimately, received mixed reviews by audience members, including a group of retirees.
Fans who paid extra for a meet-and-greet after the first Chicago show of Daniels’ “Make America Horny Again” tour waited around afterward for photos, but the adult film star, flanked by a few men, quickly exited the theater through the lobby. Those fans were given cash refunds by strip club staff who looked as confused as the crowd.
Some said they heard Daniels, who’s taking advantage of her 15 minutes after becoming embroiled in a presidential sex scandal, say she “got fired” on her way out.
A representative for Daniels did not immediately return a request for comment.
“We wanted to get a photo with her,” said Sean Buck, a Daniels fan who was hoping to share the photo with his Republican aunt. “I’m disappointed just in the sense that I’ve been here longer than I would want to be in a strip club.”
Daniels, born Stephanie Clifford, has gone from birthday suits to filing suits. The actress has been a fixture in the news cycle ever since The Wall Street Journal reported President Donald Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen arranged a $130,000 payment to Daniels. The hush money was sent before the 2016 election to keep Daniels from airing an alleged affair. Daniels told In Touch Weekly she had sex with Trump after meeting him at a celebrity golf tournament, just months after Melania Trump gave birth to Barron.

roller coaster in Daytona Beach derailed late Thursday, causing two people to fall about 34 feet and sending a total of six people to a local hospital, the Daytona Beach Fire Department said.
In a statement, the Fire Department said they were called to the Daytona Beach Boardwalk just after 8:30 p.m., arriving to find the Sand Blaster roller coaster danging from its track and the two riders who fell lying injured on the ground.
Those two were rushed to the hospital while crews began rescuing the riders still trapped aboard the dangling cars. Videos posted online by the Fire Department showed rescuers using a ladder truck to pull riders to safety.
According to the Fire Department, two riders were in the front car, which was completely off the track and perpendicular to the ground, while four were in the partially-derailed middle car and two were in a rear car, which was still on the track.
The riders were wearing seat belts, the agency said.
Rescuers created a pulley system, harnessing the riders in the dangling front car and hoisting them before lowering them to the ground, the Fire Department said. The truck was used to rescue the remaining riders — with crews pulling riders into the bucket and then guiding them down the ladder.
Officials said 10 riders were aboard when the coaster derailed. Six were hospitalized.

Speaking with a gaggle of reporters on the White House lawn Friday, President Donald Trump once again blamed Democrats for his administration’s policy of separating families.
“I hate the children being taken away. The Democrats have to change their law. That’s their law […] The children, the children can be taken care of quickly, beautifully and immediately. The Democrats forced that law upon our nation. I hate it. I hate to see separation of parents and children.”
Even though reporters tried to impress upon the president that there is now law requiring splitting up families — it’s in fact a Trump administration policy he could change at anytime — Trump just kept repeating the lie.
This is far from the first time the president has placed the blame on Democrats for this policy.
There is, of course, no law requiring that families and children be separated at the border and if there were it wouldn’t be Democrats, who have been the most outspoken critics of the policy, that would have created it.
In May, Trump’s own Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced a “zero-tolerance” policy that would “prosecute every case that is brought to us” and thus, leading to the detention of migrant parents. Because children are not allowed in detention facilities, those who traveled to the border with their parents were separated from them and placed in a shelter.

Police in Minneapolis have been ordered to “never suggest or demand” that paramedics sedate a suspect during a police call, following a recent report that such treatment of suspects had spiked in recent years.
The May 18 order from police Cmdr. Todd Sauvageau says that decisions on sedating suspects are to be made by Hennepin County paramedics, not city police officers, the Minneapolis Star-Tribune reported.
The police policy order coincided with the completion of a report by the city’s Office of Police Conduct Review (OCPR), which showed that paramedics’ injections of ketamine into suspects during police calls had increased from three in 2012 to 62 in 2017, the newspaper reported.
Ketamine is considered a powerful tranquilizer and is classified as a “date rape drug” in the Minneapolis police manual, according to the Star-Tribune. In some cases, it can stop a person’s heart or breathing, the report said.
Police officers regularly ordered paramedics to administer ketamine, the OCPR report says. It then questions why suspects received the drug before being transported to a hospital, “given the immediate effects on breathing and heart function that the drug induces.”
The OCPR report drew conflicting reactions from local officials, the Star-Tribune story said.

The Trump administration’s newly established practice of separating families seeking asylum at the US-Mexico border is inspiring a backlash that’s reminiscent of the protests against the first iteration of Trump’s travel ban in January 2017.
On Thursday, June 14, progressive groups are holding “Families Belong Together” rallies around the country, as well as a virtual lunchtime “rally,” to protest separating children from their parents at the border and demand that the Trump administration keep families together.
The Trump administration has recently started separating hundreds of children from their parents each week as they enter the US to seek asylum — usually by charging the parents with illegal entry into the US and sending them into criminal custody, while treating the children as if they were “unaccompanied alien children” who’d come to the US without their parents.
In late May, many progressives and Trump critics — along with some religious conservatives — began to express alarm about the separation of families. Since then, reports about how families are being separated and the conditions in which children are being kept have continued to stoke outrage:

Sportsmanship is supposed to define the Congressional Baseball Game for Charity, bringing Democrats and Republicans together away from the Capitol. But last year, it was a tragedy surrounding the event that united their parties.
On June 14, 2017, no one knew whether Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) would live or die after a gunman opened fire on a GOP practice for the game. Scalise was shot in the left hip by an Illinois man who was reportedly upset that Donald Trump had been elected president. The lawmaker, one of five people wounded at the practice in Alexandria, Virginia, underwent multiple surgeries in the weeks that followed.
“For all the noise and all the fury, we are one family,” House Speaker Ryan said that afternoon.
Exactly one year later, Scalise was cheered as he came onto the field Thursday night for the annual game at Nationals Park. As he prepared to take second base — the same position he was playing when wounded last year — he was escorted by David Bailey and Crystal Griner, the Capitol Police officers who had taken down the gunman despite suffering injuries themselves.
It didn’t take long for Scalise to get warmed up, fielding a ball hit by Rep. Raul Ruiz (D-Calif.) in the first inning and gaining a round of high-fives and applause as he exited the field.

Russia, so often seen as a bad actor in the international arena, got a break Thursday at the United Nations and throughout the universe as World Cup fever began.
Standing next to U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley wearing her U.S. soccer shirt, Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia looked to be enjoying the occasion as he hosted a team picture with the 15 members of the U.N. Security Council, who also donned their nations’ jerseys.
U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres, a Portuguese national, entered the Security Council chamber blowing a whistle and wearing a traditional black referee’s shirt.
Earlier in what looked like a World Cup fan zone, Russia, who holds June’s rotating Security Council presidency, which sets the agenda and program of work for the Council that month, invited diplomats to join them in watching the opening game that featured Russia playing Saudi Arabia.
Russia has set up TVs all over the U.N. so all can keep an eye on their team.

Muharrem Ince, a former high school physics teacher who is a Turkish presidential candidate, hurled taunts at his main opponent, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, with the reckless abandon of a competitor who smelled blood.  
 He paced with a microphone on top of his campaign bus on a recent afternoon, surrounded by enchanted supporters, mocking Erdogan’s economic policies, accusing the president of ginning up security threats for votes and chiding him for spending lavish sums on palaces, calling it a “sin.”   
 “The state is collapsing. The state!” Ince said. “President Ince!” the crowd roared, mimicking his cadence. “President Ince!”
 These are heady days for Turkey’s opposition parties, which are charging toward elections for president and parliament in just over a week with a rare sense of unity and a hunch that Erdogan, who has dominated Turkish politics for a decade and a half, may be more vulnerable than he has been in years.  
 Their sense of optimism has been fueled by what they say are gaffes by the president, including comments he made that sent the Turkish currency tumbling and revived questions about his stewardship of the economy — a pillar of the president’s appeal. 

The conservative alliance headed by Angela Merkel may splinter in a row over immigration, an ally of the German chancellor said on Friday, as the third party in her fragile government suggested its patience was wearing thin.
The disagreement between Merkel’s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) sister party threatens the future of her coalition three months after it took office, just as European divisions over migrants also come to a head.
“I believe (Merkel) will try to the very end to find unity in the matter,” said CDU home affairs spokesman Mathias Middelberg. Asked if the alliance with the CSU could shatter, he told Deutschlandfunk radio: “That can’t be fully ruled out.”
Bavaria was on the frontline of a migration crisis in 2015, when an ‘open door’ policy adopted by Merkel led to around a million refugees flooding into Germany.
Many conservatives held that policy responsible for a surge in support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), the main opposition party since national elections in September.
CSU Interior Minister Horst Seehofer, whose party faces a regional election in October, now wants Germany to refuse entry to migrants who have already registered in countries further south, a plan that Merkel opposes.

The two alleged victims of a Walnut Creek babysitter and private high school teacher were younger than 8 years old, and at least two more potential victims have been identified, according to police records obtained Wednesday.
The records also say that 27-year-old Brandon Genest, a first-year teacher at Bentley High School in Lafayette, told detectives during an interview that his penis had accidentally fallen out while he babysat three children. He denied that any of the children had touched his private parts, but later changed his story, police said.
Police say Genest advertised babysitting services online and had dozens of clients throughout the Bay Area. Included in his clientele were children with special needs. He also babysat children in Virginia, leading police there to ask potential victims to come forward.
“It is my opinion that Brandon has an unnatural sexual fascination with children,” a Walnut Creek detective wrote.
Walnut Creek police started investigating Genest when two children reported that he had pulled his penis out when he was alone with them, and asked them to touch it, which they did. A third child was in the room, but did not touch Genest’s penis, according to police.
