
A long-awaited report by the Justice Department's watchdog Thursday found no indication that political bias affected decisions in the FBI's 2016 investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server, but the review criticized agents and ex-FBI Director James Comey for their actions during the probe.
The department's inspector general turned up fresh evidence of FBI officials exchanging messages critical of President Donald Trump and leaking to the media. Comey is singled out for sharp criticism, including accusations of insubordination against top Justice Department officials and of making “a serious error of judgment” by notifying Congress shortly before the 2016 election that the FBI was re-opening its Clinton email probe.
The report from Justice Inspector General Michael Horowitz also faulted the FBI for several weeks of inaction following the September 2016 discovery of emails relevant to its investigation on a laptop belonging to former Rep. Anthony Weiner. There was “no consistent or persuasive explanation for the FBI’s failure to act,” Horowitz wrote.
Horowitz also dinged former Attorney General Loretta Lynch for her “ambiguous” partial recusal from the probe of Clinton's private email server, which she used as secretary of state, and for failing to insist that Comey clear his public announcement of the end of the Clinton probe with Justice Department officials.

The Donald J. Trump Foundation “has operated in persistent violation of state and federal law governing New York State charities” for more than a decade by, among other things, paying off legal bills with charitable funds, the New York Attorney General’s Office said in a lawsuit it filed Thursday.
The lawsuit accused President Trump -- along with his children Donald Jr., Eric and Ivanka -- of conflating charity with politics, repeated and willful self-dealing and failure to follow basic fiduciary obligations.
Filed in state Supreme Court by the attorney general's Charities Bureau, the suit seeks to dissolve the private New York-based foundation and prevent the Trumps from serving as directors of any nonprofits in the future.
The lawsuit alleges that President Trump used charitable assets to pay off his legal bills, promote Trump hotels and purchase personal items over the past decade.
“The Trump Foundation was little more than a checkbook for payments from Mr. Trump or his businesses to nonprofits, regardless of their purpose or legality,” Attorney General Barbara Underwood said in a statement. “This is not how private foundations should function.”`

President Trump saluted a uniformed North Korean military officer, according to footage broadcast by North Korean state TV this week and unearthed by CNN. After Trump shook North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un’s hand, the president then offered his hand to the regime’s Gen. No Kwang Chol, who instead salutes Trump, causing the U.S. president to awkwardly return the gesture. The pair then shake hands. It is typical, The Hill reported, for presidents to salute members of the U.S. military as a sign of respect, but it is not normal to salute members of other countries’ militaries—especially countries described by CNN as “one of the most oppressive regimes on Earth.” Trump also saluted members of Singapore’s military while visiting for the summit. “It was an inappropriate thing for him to do from a protocol perspective,” retired Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN. “He’s played right in to the North’s propaganda about their legitimacy on the world stage.”

Elon Musk’s underground transportation business, The Boring Company, has won a bid to create an underground high-speed rail line from downtown Chicago to O’Hare International Airport. The company beat out at least four other developers for the project, and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel is expected to make an official announcement this afternoon.
“We’re really excited to work with the Mayor and the City to bring this new high-speed public transportation system to Chicago!” the Boring Company said in a tweet shortly after midnight Eastern time.
Unlike Musk’s much-hyped plan for a Hyperloop, this new proposal is for a slower system that Musk is simply calling Loop. If it’s actually built, Chicago’s Express Loop (not to be confused with the neighborhood of the same name) will take passengers the roughly 18 miles between downtown Chicago and O’Hare Airport in about 12 minutes. The existing above-ground Blue Line trains currently take about 40-45 minutes to travel that route.
The Boring Company says that vehicles “will leave each station as frequently as every 30 seconds. The Chicago Express Loop will operate 20 hours per day, every day of the week.”
Both the mayor’s office and The Boring Company have reportedly declined to discuss how much the project will cost to build, but according to the Chicago Tribune, the Boring Company is footing the bill. For users, the rides are expected to cost between $20 and $25, according to the earliest estimates, which is roughly half the cost of an Uber. The L, Chicago’s elevated train system, currently costs $5 for the same trip.

The U.S. Supreme Court, in an extremely narrow opinion, on Thursday struck down Minnesota's law that bars voters inside a polling place from wearing political badges, buttons and other insignia.
The court said that while the law serves a permissible objective, the line that the state drew in interpreting the word political was so broad as to be unreasonable. The court's 7-2 vote, however, strongly upheld the notion that a polling place can be regulated by a state to protect voters in the "weighty civic act of casting a ballot."
While every state in the country has a similar law, Minnesota's is the strictest in how it was interpreted by state officials, and the court said state officials' interpretation simply went too far.
"The unmoored use of the term 'political' in the Minnesota law, combined with haphazard interpretations the State has provided in official guidance and representations to this Court, cause Minnesota's restriction to fail this test" of reasonableness, the court wrote.
In barring anyone from wearing a button or shirt that takes a position on an issue, the state creates "riddles" that even its own top lawyers could not explain. Under the state's standard, officials at polling places could ban shirts that advertise AARP, the World Wildlife Fund and Ben & Jerry's, for example, all of which take positions on issues.

The National Weather Service confirmed Thursday that a tornado touched down in northeastern Pennsylvania, damaging businesses and flipping cars in a shopping center as survey teams are working to figure out if other twisters touched down across the region.
The NWS Binghamton office said in a bulletin a survey team confirmed a tornado occurred in the Wilkes-Barre Township on Wednesday night. 
"The storm survey is ongoing and additional information concerning the track, damage and intensity of the tornado will be available later today," the agency said. 
The "considerable storm damage" was centered in the northeast part of the state on Wednesday in Luzerne and Bradford Counties, according to the NWS Binghamton office.
In Wilkes-Barre Township, damage was reported in the area of the Wyoming Valley Mall while the area was under a tornado warning.
The Wilkes-Barre Township Police Department posted on Facebook that there were "multiple collapsed/damaged buildings" in the area of Mundy Street, and asked drivers to avoid the area.

teenage boy has died after playing a game of Russian roulette at an abandoned house in Nevada, according to police.
The boy, identified as 17-year-old Matthew Minkler, was found dead from a suspected gunshot wound at a home in Henderson, just outside of Las Vegas, on June 8.
Two teenage suspects, Jaiden Caruso, 16, and Kody Harlan, 17, are being charged as adults in connection with Minkler’s death after allegedly playing a modified version of the game, reports the Las Vegas Review Journal.
Police said Caruso is facing a charge of murder with a deadly weapon, with Harlan facing charges of accessory to murder after the fact and destroying evidence.
The pair were arrested after police attempted to stop a vehicle that was driving in a reckless manner in the area of East Sunset Road near Green Valley Parkway. During the chase, the car ran a red light and crashed, with several juveniles getting out and fleeing on foot.
Henderson Police managed to arrest all the teens who fled the vehicle which had been reported stolen from Las Vegas on June 1.
According to a statement, as a result of the investigation officers were later provided information of a possible homicide which occurred at an abandoned residence in the 2,000 block of Cool Lilac in Henderson.

Working for the White House is tough, and Sarah Huckabee Sanders - like many of those who serve in senior positions in the administration - seems at times to be planning her departure.
CBS News reported on Wednesday that the White House press secretary's decision to leave - and that of her deputy Raj Shah - was near, and she responded quickly and forcefully.
Her statement on social media said she knew nothing about the story, but did not deny its accuracy. It all seemed very Trumpian.
Yet she does not say that the report is inaccurate. She just says she did not talk to the reporter before the piece was published.
As David Cay Johnston, author of The Making of Donald Trump, says, she is using a communications strategy that her boss, the president, often relies on.
"Her denial is: 'I don't know anything about this.' She doesn't say: 'I'm not leaving'," Johnston explains. "It's what we call a non-denial denial."
When I emailed Ms Sanders about the CBS story, asking for her reaction to the piece, she referred me to her tweet.

The U.K. government faces another showdown with pro-EU Tory rebels over whether Parliament should be able to prevent a no-deal Brexit.
The government isn’t planning to hold more talks with the rebels and thinks its new amendment will be enough to satisfy some more moderate pro-EU rebels, according to two people familiar with the government’s position.
Meanwhile, the hardline pro-Brexit group led by Jacob Rees-Mogg is taking the view that it can live with the new amendment. The Brexit Department -- led by pro-Brexit minister David Davis -- also said the new amendment met his conditions.
Pro-European Conservative peer Ros Altmann said the government’s proposal doesn’t give Parliament a meaningful vote on Brexit, and therefore breaks the promise given to the rebels.
She said their plan now is to let the upper House of Lords vote on (and pass) an amendment drafted by rebel leader Dominic Grieve that would give Parliament huge sway in the final stages of Brexit. “It will then pass back to the House of Commons and will then pass there,” she said.

Hundreds of people are taking part in a silent walk in honour of the 72 people killed in the Grenfell Tower fire a year ago.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is among those marching past the tower in west London.
Earlier in the day a silent procession took place after a memorial service at a nearby church.
The Bishop of Kensington said people were still "recovering" and seeking answers but there was "positivity".
Silent walks have taken place in the neighbourhood on the 14th of every month since the fire.
A 72-second national silence was also held at midday.
The silence was observed across the country, including at government buildings, Parliament and by the Queen and the Duchess of Sussex on a visit to Chester, where the monarch wore green in honour of Grenfell victims.

A homemade batch of the deadly toxin ricin was found in a Tunisian national's apartment in Germany, prosecutors said Thursday.
A written statement said a 29-year-old — identified only as Sief Allah H. — was arrested on Tuesday night on suspicion on violating the country's War Weapons Control Act.
He is accused of having started procuring material, including a large quantity of seeds needed for the creation of ricin, online in mid-May.
The suspect succeeded in creating the toxin this month and investigators found it during a search of his Cologne apartment, the statement said.
The authorities are still investigating exactly how the suspect planned to use the ricin, but stated he was working on a “biological weapon” and there was "initial suspicion" that he could have been preparing a terrorist attack.
Prosecutors said they currently have no evidence of a connection with any extremist organization.
Elmar Thevessen, a terrorism expert with NBC News' German partner ZDF, said: "Ricin is deadlier than then the venom of a cobra. A tiny amount is enough to kill an adult. In can be dissolved in water or added to food. There is no antidote."

Ramadan, the month-long period of fasting, began this year on May 16. During Ramadan, Muslims abstain from eating, drinking, and sexual relations from daybreak to sundown. The purpose of the daily ritual of fasting is to resist temptation, know what it is like to be without food, reflect on God’s blessings, and to develop God-consciousness. Ramadan will end on June 14, followed by the celebration of the holiday of Eid al-Fitr the next day.
The Muslim calendar is based on the lunar cycle, and according to tradition the crescent has to be sighted to declare the ending of Ramadan and the beginning of the new month. If the crescent is sighted on June 13, Eid al-Fitr will be celebrated on June 14; but if the crescent is not sighted that day, then Eid al-Fitr will fall a day later, on June 15.  As a result, we won’t know for sure when the holiday is, until the night before, when religious authorities confirm the moon sighting.
To make the holiday predictable, leading Muslim organizations are opting to follow the astronomical calendar—which predicts the date the crescent will be visible on the horizon—and announce the date of Eid al-Fitr well in advance. However, traditionalists have maintained the practice of ‘moon sighting’ to confirm the beginning of the new month. In this piece that follows, the author shares her run-in with religious authorities as she tries to find a rational solution.
