
Reporters crowded into a Singapore auditorium Tuesday, expecting President Trump to walk out and announce the results of his historic meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
Suddenly, two huge screens on either side of the empty podium came to life. Soaring music boomed over the speakers, and the reporters were bombarded with a montage portraying North Korea as some sort of paradise.
Golden sunrises. Gleaming skylines and high-speed trains. Children skipping through Kim Il Sung square in Pyongyang, North Korean flags waving between images of Egyptian pyramids, the Taj Mahal and the Lincoln Memorial.
In a split-screen shot, Kim Jong Un waved to an adoring crowd while President Trump stood beside him with his thumb in the air. The pair appeared over and over again, like running mates in a campaign video.
The film went on like this for several minutes, with brief interludes of missiles, soldiers and warships interrupting the fanfare. Some journalists, unable to understand the Korean-language narration, assumed they were watching one of Pyongyang's infamous propaganda films. “What country are we in?” asked a reporter from the filing center.
But then the video looped, playing this time in English. And then Trump walked onto the stage and explained that the film was not North Korean propaganda.
It had been made in America, by or on the orders of his White House, for the benefit of Kim.

White House trade adviser Peter Navarro on Tuesday walked back his comments over the weekend saying that there was a "special place in hell" for Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, acknowledging that his language was "inappropriate."
"Let me correct a mistake I made," Navarro said at a conference in Washington hosted by The Wall Street Journal's CFO Network.
“My mission was to send a strong signal of strength,” he said. “The problem is that in conveying that message I used language that was inappropriate.”
Navarro exacerbated bilateral tensions between the U.S. and Canada on Sunday when he criticized Trudeau for double-crossing President Donald Trump. Navarro's comments came after Trudeau said Canada would stand firmly against tariffs that Trump plans to impose on Canadian steel and aluminum.
"There's a special place in hell for any foreign leader that engages in bad-faith diplomacy with President Donald J. Trump and then tries to stab him in the back on the way out the door," Navarro told Chris Wallace on "Fox News Sunday." "And that's what bad-faith Justin Trudeau did with that stunt press conference."
Navarro said Sunday that his sentiment came "right from Air Force One." But on Tuesday, he apologized for using language that counteracted his goal of sending a signal of strength.

In recent years, mental health advocates have been pushing for a small, but significant, change in the way we report on suicide: “Do not write ‘committed suicide’— the term is ‘died by suicide,’” organizations like the WHO suggest. That signals a shift away from the stigma that taking one’s own life is a hurtful, selfish, or even criminal act, and towards compassion for the victims who couldn’t go on any longer and for those they leave behind. Today, actress and advocate Rose McGowan released an open letter, reportedly written on behalf of her friend Asia Argento, addressing the death of Anthony Bourdain this past Friday that’s very much in line with that recommendation.
Bourdain’s death by suicide was shocking to many who admired him, and who found it incomprehensible that such a curious person, someone who seemed to deeply love life, could decide that they had had enough of it. And when something is that terrifyingly incomprehensible, it’s human nature to start looking for explanations. For scapegoats. McGowan’s open letter is a reminder that we should resist this urge, out of respect not only for the dead but for their survivors—like Argento, who was dating Bourdain at the time of his death and who has been the subject of speculation (particularly in the European tabloid press, which was similarly unkind after Argento revealed she had been raped by ex-movie mogul Harvey Weinstein) that she, or problems in their relationship, were somehow responsible for Bourdain’s suicide.

A Georgia church was expelled from the Southern Baptist Convention on Monday over charges of racism. 
The convention's executive committee voted to withdraw fellowship from Raleigh White Baptist Church during its morning meeting in Dallas, said Roger S. Oldham, the committee's spokesman. 
The 80-plus member body, which acts on behalf of the Southern Baptist Convention when it is not in session, followed the recommendation of its officers and severed the evangelical denomination's relationship with the church for "clear evidence of the church's intentional discriminatory acts." 
The small white congregation in Albany, Ga., has been accused of discriminating against a growing black congregation that shared its church building. Raleigh White Baptist did not respond Monday to the USA TODAY NETWORK-Tennessee's request for comment. 
The executive committee made its decision ahead of the Southern Baptist Convention's big denominational meeting that starts Tuesday at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center. The Georgia church's status is only one of several matters expected to be addressed this week.
As a result, representatives from Raleigh White Baptist can no longer participate in the convention until it repents and takes steps to restore fellowship. 
The national entity's decision is just the latest action against the church. 

After Barbara Bush died in April, there were fears that her husband, former president George H.W. Bush, might die, too. He was hospitalized with a blood infection the day after Barbara’s funeral.
But on Tuesday, Bush made history by becoming the first former president to reach the age of 94.
Gerald Ford died at 93 years and 165 days. Ronald Reagan lived for 93 years and 120 days. Jimmy Carter, born four months after Bush, will turn 94 on Oct. 1.
Bush will mark his birthday with his family in Kennebunkport, Maine, though it’s unlikely he will be able to jump out of a plane, as he did on his 90th, 85th and 80th birthdays. He was hospitalized over Memorial Day for low blood pressure and fatigue but was released on June 4.
Four days later, Bush celebrated what would have been his wife’s 93rd birthday by tweeting about her service to others. The Bushes, who had six children, were married for 73 years, the longest presidential marriage in U.S. history.
Over the past 25 years, Bush has remained active in public life, with emphasis on volunteerism. The World War II veteran worked with the man who beat him in 1992, Bill Clinton, on relief efforts after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami and hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Ike. In 2005, Bush was named a United Nations special envoy to help with aid after an earthquake in Pakistan killed nearly 75,000 people.

Organizing for Action, the group formed out of Barack Obama’s old campaign apparatus, is moving more directly into politics than ever before, deploying in 27 House races around the country this year.
Through an existing partnership with the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, OFA will also work in nine states to campaign for ballot initiatives and Democrats running for governor and state legislature positions. The group is pushing for greater Democratic control over gerrymandering ahead of the next Census.
OFA explicitly stayed away from campaigns in previous cycles. The group used to say that direct politics wasn’t its purpose. Instead, it focused on pressuring officials already in office.
Last year, for example, OFA was a key player in helping organize the town halls around the country that helped amp up opposition to repealing Obamacare.
But OFA spokesman Jesse Lehrich said the change was necessitated by an “all hands on deck” moment.
“OFA’s lifeblood has always been its incredible volunteer base,” Lehrich tweeted. “Their battle-tested organizing & training skills will be a huge value-add for progressives in critical races this November.”
He did not respond when asked to explain the shift to electoral politics.

t’s all about the race for governor in Tuesday’s primaries in Maine, Nevada and South Carolina.
While a couple Senate contests in states voting June 12 are considered competitive in November's general elections, the primaries for those seats aren't quite so dramatic. 
In Nevada, for instance, Republican Sen. Dean Heller's seat is one of Democrats' biggest targets, with the state leaning blue, according Fox News’ ratings. But he is expected to have an easy primary battle. And Rep. Jacky Rosen is the front-runner for the Democratic nomination to face Heller.
In North Dakota, incumbent Sen. Heidi Heitkamp is expected to hang onto the Democratic nomination -- though that race is considered a toss-up in the fall. Heitkamp, a one-term senator considered to be her party’s most vulnerable in the 2018 midterms, is likely to face Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer in November. 
The gubernatorial primary races, meanwhile, are stealing the Tuesday show. Read on for a look at how contentious the battles have become ahead of Tuesday’s elections in Maine, Nevada and South Carolina.
President Trump gave a boost to South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster with a supportive tweet the Saturday before the primary, but the 71-year-old could still be headed for a runoff after Tuesday’s election.

A United States Air Force officer who deserted 35 years ago was apprehended in California last week, where he was living under a fake identity.
The officer, Capt. William Howard Hughes Jr., 66, told investigators he had become depressed about his job and decided to flee in 1983. He could face up to five years of confinement, forfeiture of his pay and a dishonorable discharge from the Air Force.
Captain Hughes, who is now at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, Calif., awaiting pretrial confinement, was discovered during a passport fraud investigation, according to a report released by the Air Force Office of Special Investigations.
In the 1980s, he was based in Albuquerque, where his duties included classified planning and analysis of NATO surveillance systems. He had top-secret clearance, but investigators said there was no indication he had given away classified information.
Captain Hughes, who was unmarried at the time he fled, had been temporarily assigned to the Netherlands on July 18, 1983, to work with NATO officers. He was slated to return to Albuquerque on Aug. 1, but never showed up. On Dec. 9, the Air Force declared him a deserter.

Ministers saw off a move to give MPs the decisive say on what happens over Brexit if they do not agree with the deal negotiated by the UK government.
The concession offered by ministers is believed to include offering a new Parliamentary motion if the Brexit deal is voted down by MPs and peers.
Two Tory MPs - Ken Clarke and Anna Soubry - voted against the government.
Five Brexit-backing Labour MPs - Ronnie Campbell, Frank Field, Kate Hoey, John Mann and Graham Stringer - voted with the government as did Kelvin Hopkins, who sits as an independent after being suspended by Labour.
The BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg said she had been told by a government source that no actual concessions have been agreed and the only agreement was to keep talking.
Tuesday's Commons debate marked the start of the government's attempts to undo most of the changes to its EU Withdrawal Bill that were put forward by the House of Lords.
The most contentious was the bid to give Parliament the power to tell the government what to do if the Brexit deal was voted down or no agreement was reached.

The man seized two hostage in Rue des Petites Ecuries, with armed police and firefighters racing to the scene.
A third person escaped capture and suffered minor injuries as he fought with the hostage-taker. 
After a stand-off lasting several hours, the hostage taker was arrested and hostages released.
An official did not comment on the hostages' condition but said they were "out of safety".
Sources at the scene said the hostages had been doused in petrol during the horrific incident. 
Shocking photos earlier showed police decked out in body armour with witnesses warning of “an armed man”.
The man, described by authorities as "unstable", claimed to have been in possession of a gun and explosives.
There were no immediate details on the age, appearance or nationality of the hostage taker.
"His demands were really vague and incoherent," said an interior ministry official. "The negotiator had difficulty understanding."
"The individual has been arrested and the hostages are out of danger," Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said on Twitter.
One hostage was reported as being "seriously injured" after he was hit with a wrench, the hostage-taker earlier told police. It is uncertain whether this actually happend.

U.S. foreign policy analysts on Tuesday said the U.S. appeared to have given away more than it had received in return in talks between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, and took note of the lack of details in the joint communiqué the two men signed.
“Did you really need a summit to get this document?” asked Victor Cha, a Georgetown University professor and North Korea expert once under consideration by the Trump administration for ambassador to South Korea, on MSNBC.

The United States unveiled its unofficial embassy in Taiwan’s capital on Tuesday, holding a low-key ceremony that signaled its support for the self-governing island while also trying to avoid a bigger clash with China, which claims Taiwan as its territory.
While Taiwan’s president, Tsai Ing-wen, and her predecessor both attended the dedication of the new, $250 million compound of the American Institute in Taiwan, the highest-ranking attendee from Washington was Marie Royce, the assistant secretary of state for educational and cultural affairs.
James Moriarty, the chairman of the Virginia-based headquarters of the institute, and Representative Gregg Harper, a Republican from Mississippi, were also part of the American delegation.
The institute, known as the A.I.T., serves as the de facto embassy for the United States, which broke off formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan when it switched recognition to the Communist government in Beijing in 1979.
There had been speculation that President Trump might make a bolder show of support for Taiwan, which has emerged as one of the most vibrant democracies in Asia. However, the lack of cabinet-level visitors from Washington displayed the Trump administration’s unwillingness to upset China, with whom it is already locked in a standoff over trade.
