
The U.S. Supreme Court dealt a crippling blow Wednesday to unions representing millions of the nation's public employees.
The justices said in a 5-4 opinion that state government workers who choose not to join a union cannot be compelled to pay a share of union dues for covering the cost of negotiating contracts. Unions had said such an outcome would cut off a source of income and diminish their political clout in the 23 states where they bargain for both members and non-members alike.
A recent non-partisan study predicted that a Supreme Court defeat would eventually cause public employee unions to lose 726,000 members, a significant blow in one of organized labor's remaining strongholds. Nearly half of all union members in the U.S. are government employees.
President Donald Trump tweeted shortly after the ruling that it was a "Big loss of the coffers of the Democrats!"
The court has long held that requiring non-union members to pay the full amount of union dues would violate their right of free expression, forcing them to subsidize a union's political activities whether they agree with its goals or not.
But in 1977, the Court said non-union employees could be required to pay a portion of union dues, known as agency fees, to cover the cost of collective bargaining and prevent "free riders" — workers who get the benefits of a union contract without paying for it.

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a former campaign organizer for Bernie Sanders, pulled off a stunning upset in New York City on Tuesday by defeating Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y., a member of party leadership who was considered all but a shoo-in.
Crowley, 56, a 10-term incumbent from Queens and fierce Trump-basher, was a steady fundraiser for fellow Democrats and was thought by some to be a future speaker of the House.
His defeat left no clear potential choice in the House to succeed Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., as the party's leader. Further, it exposed deepening divisions within the party as the liberal wing flexes its muscles in the primaries -- pressuring the establishment to back big-government policies like Medicare for All and guaranteed jobs. 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez pulled off an upset victory over incumbent Rep. Joseph Crowley in New York's Democratic primary.
There were times that Crowley's campaign in New York’s 14th Congressional District showed signs of fragility. The New York Times editorial page, after his loss, reported that he ran a lackluster campaign that bordered on complacency. The paper pointed out that he debated his opponent only once.
Ocasio-Cortez, 28, who is from the Bronx, is a member of the Democratic Socialists of America and ran a low-budget campaign where she was outspent by an 18-1 margin.

In the annals of Supreme Court history, a 1944 decision upholding the forcible internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II has long stood out as a stain that is almost universally recognized as a shameful mistake. Yet that notorious precedent, Korematsu v. United States, remained law because no case gave justices a good opportunity to overrule it.
But on Tuesday, when the Supreme Court’s conservative majority upheld President Trump’s ban on travel into the United States by citizens of several predominantly Muslim countries, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. also seized the moment to finally overrule Korematsu.
“The forcible relocation of U.S. citizens to concentration camps, solely and explicitly on the basis of race, is objectively unlawful and outside the scope of presidential authority,” he wrote. Citing language used by then-Justice Robert H. Jackson in a dissent to the 1944 ruling, Chief Justice Roberts added, “Korematsu was gravely wrong the day it was decided, has been overruled in the court of history, and — to be clear — ‘has no place in law under the Constitution.’”
In a dissent of the travel ban ruling, Justice Sonia Sotomayor offered tepid applause. While the “formal repudiation of a shameful precedent is laudable and long overdue,” she said, it failed to make the court’s decision to uphold the travel ban acceptable or right. She accused the Justice Department and the court’s majority of adopting troubling parallels between the two cases.

President Donald Trump has announced the details of a plan to crack down on Chinese investment in US technology companies, and the final results were weaker than expected.
After fears that Trump would introduce harsh measures to curb Chinese investment in US-based technology companies, the US president instead decided to use less stringent methods to curb the practice, including the expanded use of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.
In a statement Wednesday, Trump said his administration was banking on Congress' passing the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, which would give more power to the committee.
"After reviewing the current versions of FIRRMA with my team of advisers — and after discussing them with many members of Congress — I have concluded that such legislation will provide additional tools to combat the predatory investment practices that threaten our critical technology leadership, national security, and future economic prosperity," Trump said.
While House and Senate versions of the bill still need to be reconciled, both bills are designed to strengthen the CFIUS review for foreign investment in critically important technologies. Additionally, the House bill includes a proposal that would apply a more stringent review process for investments from a handful of countries, including China, North Korea, Iran, Russia, and Venezuela.

The East Pittsburgh Police officer who fatally shot 17-year-old Antwon Rose Jr. on June 19 has been charged with criminal homicide. According to court records, East Pittsburgh Police Officer Michael Rosfeld was formally charged Wednesday morning.
The Allegheny County District Attorney's office was giving a press conference Wednesday morning. Watch the presser in the player above.
In a criminal complaint filed in the case, detectives cite witnesses who said Rose clearly had nothing in his hands when he was shot, contradicting what Rosfeld initially told investigators. 
Rosfeld was conducting a traffic stop of the vehicle Rose was riding in, which police said fit the description of one used in a drive-by shooting that night. He told investigators he had ordered the driver out of the car, and down on the ground, when Rose got out of the vehicle. 
Rosfeld first told investigators that Rose "turned his hand toward" Rosfeld, who "saw something dark that he perceived as a gun," detectives wrote in the complaint. But when asked to repeat his version of events, Rosfeld's story changed, detectives wrote.
"During that rendition, Rosfeld told the detectives that he did not see a gun when the passenger emerged and ran. When confronted with this inconsistency, Rosfeld stated he saw something in the passenger's hand but was not sure what it was," detectives wrote in the complaint. "In addition, Officer Rosfeld stated that he was not certain if the individual who had his arm pointed at him was still pointing at him when he fired the shots."

The way to win a general election used to be pretty straightforward. There was a primary between several members of the party in which more centrist candidates would get pulled to the partisan pole. But, the party hoped, not too much — allowing the victor in the primary to still appeal to the political center in November. A successful candidate who could win a general election fell somewhere in the area of the solid line below.
Why? Because the political middle was where most voters were. Democrats and Republicans differed ideologically on a range of positions, but still agreed on a number of points. The Pew Research Center has asked a battery of ideological questions for several decades and, in the era of Bill Clinton, the partisan distribution looked like this.
If you’re Democratic candidate D1, you’re going to have a much better shot at picking up votes from Republicans than candidate D2. Same goes for R1 — more Democrats would be likely to consider R1 as a candidate than R2. In 1994, Pew found, 36 percent of Republicans were more liberal than the median Democrat, and 30 percent of Democrats were more conservative than the median Republican.
But that was in 1994, when Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) — now House minority leader — was seven years into her tenure and Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) — now Senate minority leader — had been on the Hill for over a decade.

Police in Texas are appealing for information to help find four “evil” individuals who were involved in torturing a 7-year-old boy during a home invasion.
Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office were called following reports that a family had been “traumatized” during a robbery at their home in Houston at around 3 a.m. on Monday.
Officials said the suspects broke into the home and pistol-whipped the father while demanding he tell them where they kept their money. It is believed the suspects purposely targeted the father because he owns a small business.
“What’s really appalling and upsetting about this, is when the father told them there was no money, they went for the 7-year-old boy,” Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls said during a press conference.
Police said the men filled up the family’s bathtub and repeatedly dunked the young boy into the hot water in an attempt to get the father to reveal hidden money.
“We have video from inside that house,” Nehls said. “You can hear chilling screams from all the family members from inside that house. You can hear that boy screaming, and you can hear them filling up that bathtub with water…then all of a sudden the screams become muffled as they are holding him under water.”
The department said they will not be releasing the footage as part of the investigation.

China is committed to peace and won’t cause “chaos” in the world, but cannot give up even an inch of territory that the country’s ancestors have left behind, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday.
Mattis, a former Marine general, has been highly critical of China’s muscular military moves in the disputed South China Sea. The U.S. military even withdrew an invitation to China to join a multinational naval exercise that will start during Mattis’ visit, upsetting Beijing.
Mattis is visiting against a backdrop of spiraling tension between Beijing and Washington over trade.
Beijing is also deeply suspicious of U.S. intentions toward self-governing and democratic Taiwan, which is armed by the United States. China views the island as a sacred part of its territory.
Meeting in Beijing’s Great Hall of the People, Xi told Mattis that China had only peaceful intentions and would not “cause chaos,” state television reported.
Both countries’ common interests far outweigh their differences, but on territorial issues there can be no concessions, Xi added, without referring to specific areas.
“We cannot lose even one inch of the territory left behind by our ancestors. What is other people’s, we do not want at all,” state television cited Xi as saying.
Mattis, in comments in front of reporters, told Xi his talks had been “very, very” good.

The White House and the Kremlin have agreed on a time and place for a summit meeting between President Trump and Vladi­mir Putin, a Russian official said Wednesday after talks here between the Russian president and national security adviser John Bolton. 
The details of the much-anticipated meeting will be announced Thursday, the official, Kremlin foreign policy adviser Yuri Ushakov, told reporters. The meeting is expected to take place in mid-July, when Trump will be in Europe for previously scheduled visits to Belgium and Britain. The Putin-Trump meeting will be held in a “third country,” Ushakov said. 
Earlier Wednesday, Putin warmly greeted Bolton in a grand oval meeting hall at the Kremlin, flanked by statues of Russian czars set before lime-painted walls. 

Satellite images from last week show that North Korea is making numerous improvements to the infrastructure at a nuclear research facility, according to a new study.
The images, obtained by North Korea analysis outlet 38 North, come just weeks after President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un signed an agreement that called for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula.
The satellite photos indicate that North Korea is quickly progressing on several adjustments to the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center.
The improvements include a new cooling water pump house, multiple new buildings, completed construction on a cooling water reservoir and an apparently active radiochemical laboratory. It is unclear whether the reactor is still in operation, the report said.
38 North notes that North Korean nuclear officials are expected to proceed with “business as usual” until Kim orders official changes to procedure.
The agreement between Trump and Kim, signed at the historic summit in Singapore earlier this month, commits the U.S. to “security guarantees” in exchange for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. Critics said that the deal was unspecific and gave too much to North Korea without securing anything for the U.S. in return.
Ahead of the meeting between the two leaders, North Korea claimed to have destroyed its Punggye-ri nuclear testing site.

Dozens of soldiers and park rangers lined up at the cave’s mouth, carrying in supplies. Teams of navy divers worked their way through submerged passageways in the flooded cavern. The vigil of family and friends outside echoed across Thailand on social media and television.
On Wednesday, the fifth day of an intense search for a young soccer team and coach trapped by rising waters inside the Tham Luang Cave in northern Thailand, there was still no indication where they were.
But the search, spanning more than a dozen government local and national government agencies, continues, along with the hope that they are still alive.
“In whatever part the rescue team and officers play in the mission, I ask them to think of the boys as their own children because they will care so much about them,” the governor of Chiang Rai Province, Narongsak Osottanakorn, told reporters at the scene on Tuesday night. “We won’t abandon them. We are in this fully.”
Tham Luang is an extensive network of chambers linked by passageways that flood during heavy rains. A sign outside warns visitors that in the rainy months starting in July, it is unsafe to go inside.
From the entrance, a path leads about two miles into the cave complex before splitting into two directions, said Vernon Unsworth, a British spelunker who lives in Chiang Rai and has been exploring Tham Luang for more than six years.

They were fierce rivals — until President Trump turned them into allies.
Three of late-night's most durable hosts took part in a rare collaboration after President Donald Trump hurled a few verbal zingers at the wee-hours crowd at a rally Monday night in South Carolina.
Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Fallon and Conan O'Brien joined together in a sketch that — in what may be a first — served as the "cold open" to both Tuesday night's broadcast of "The Late Show" on CBS and "The Tonight Show" on NBC. O'Brien's "Conan," broadcast on TBS, is on hiatus this week.
In the bit, Colbert is spotted typing up a monologue at his computer, only to be interrupted by a video call from Fallon. "Hey, lowlife," says Fallon. "Hey, lost soul," replies Colbert. Both comics were referring to some of the epithets Trump used to insult them as well as their ABC rival, Jimmy Kimmel.
After the pair hash out all the different names Trump used, they decide to call O'Brien. They find him shaving, and surprised to learn Trump inhabits the Oval Office. He urges them to be civil. Fallon and Colbert decide to go out to lunch at the Red Hen, the Virginia restaurant that recently asked White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to leave.
The sketch shows just how much late-night has changed since Trump became President in 2017. Many of the hosts — Colbert, Kimmel, Samantha Bee, Trevor Noah — have found ratings and audience growth by poking fun at Trump in blunt terms. In some cases, their antics have spilled out on to social media or sparked backlash, such as a recent advertiser boycott of Bee's program on TBS.
