
The New York Daily News needed only three words for its Thursday cover focusing on Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy’s retirement: “We Are F*#%’D.” 
The 81-year-old jurist announced Wednesday that he would be retiring at the end of July, after 30 years on the court. His departure gives President Donald Trump the opportunity to nominate a second more solidly conservative Supreme Court justice in one term, further cementing the bench’s rightward leanings and shaping the court for decades.
Key issues are at stake, namely the security of Roe v. Wade, the landmark Supreme Court case that secured women’s constitutional right to abortion, with certain limitations, as a right to privacy.
Democrats called on Republicans to refrain from nominating a replacement for Kennedy, known as a swing vote on some issues, so close to the midterm elections. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Trump indicated they would move quickly on a nominee.

U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet on July 16 in Helsinki, the Kremlin and the White House said on Thursday, a first official summit that will be closely watched by nervous U.S. allies in Europe and critics of Russia in America.
The two countries announced the details simultaneously a day after striking a deal on holding the meeting following a visit to Moscow on Wednesday by U.S. national security adviser John Bolton.” The two leaders will discuss relations between the United States and Russia and a range of national security issues,” the White House said in a statement.
Trump and Putin have met twice before on the sidelines of international gatherings.
Their summit could irritate U.S. allies who want to isolate Putin, such as Britain, or who are concerned about what they see as Trump’s overly friendly attitude toward the Russian leader.
It is also likely to go down badly among critics who question Trump’s commitment to the NATO alliance and who have been concerned about his frictions with longtime allies such as Canada and Germany over trade.
Trump has long expressed a desire for better relations with Moscow, even as Washington tightens sanctions.
Hanging over relations with Russia since Trump took office in January last year is the conclusion of U.S. intelligence community that Moscow sought to interfere in the 2016 presidential campaign to tilt the election in Trump’s favor.
Moscow has long denied any meddling. A special counsel is investigating possible collusion by the Trump campaign with Russia, which Trump has denied.

Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein clashed with Republican lawmakers in a contentious hearing on Thursday as he challenged allegations that the Justice Department is hiding information from Congress.
House Republicans accuse Rosenstein — a Donald Trump appointee who oversees special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia's attack on the 2016 election — of denying congressional requests for documents related to the Russia probe and the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
The GOP accusations are part of a long-running battle in Congress to try to shape public perceptions of the Mueller investigation, which has yielded indictments of 20 people and secured five guilty pleas so far.
"Why are you keeping information from Congress?" Rep. Jim Jordan demanded of Rosenstein.
The deputy attorney general rejected those allegations, and the two men launched into a tense exchange in which Rosenstein, his voice rising, told the Ohio congressman how vigorously he objected to the personal attacks about purported Justice Department stonewalling.
Shortly after that back-and-forth, the committee took a break for a floor vote on a resolution insisting the Justice Department fully comply with committee document requests.
That measure, which passed along party lines, is non-binding, but it is still viewed as an attempt to ratchet up the pressure on Rosenstein.

Amazon is offering new incentives to anyone who wants to open and run a courier business delivering packages for the e-commerce behemoth.
The company says delivery partners who are accepted into the program could earn about $300,000 in annual profits operating a fleet of up to 40 delivery vehicles.
To start, the partners need only a minimum investment of $10,000. People can apply through the company's website.
Amazon said it would provide discounts on Amazon-branded vehicles customized for delivery, branded uniforms, a fuel program, comprehensive insurance coverage, and more.
People interested in applying for the program don't need to have any experience in delivery and logistics, the company said.
Amazon said it plans to eventually hire hundreds of business owners into the program who would employ tens of thousands of drivers across the US.
Amazon already works with hundreds of third-party courier companies nationwide that hire and manage their own fleets of drivers.
The new incentives appear to be part of an effort by Amazon to rapidly expand that network, as its last-mile-delivery needs have ballooned in recent years.
The company's shipping costs nearly doubled over three years, to $21.7 billion in 2017 from $11.5 billion in 2015.

Dozens of federal officers descended on an Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility in southwest Portland, arresting a least one demonstrator at gunpoint in their efforts to contain a days-long protest aimed at abolishing ICE.
Photos taken at the scene show Department of Homeland Security officers, many of them donning riot gear, surrounding the cardboard campsite that has sprung up near the building on Southwest Macadam Ave. The U.S. Attorney’s Office confirmed in a statement early Thursday that it had “initiated law enforcement action” to reopen the ICE offices around 5:30 a.m.
Eight protesters have been arrested, including one who was taken into custody after he did not comply with officers’ commands, according to KOMO.
People first began camping out and demonstrating at the facility earlier this month, when it was revealed the Trump administration’s zero-tolerance policy resulted in the separation of families coming in at the U.S.-Mexico border. It spawned into the “Occupy ICE PDX” movement, aimed at abolishing the government agency, and is now in its second week of protest.

California public employee unions will feel an almost immediate financial hit from Wednesday’s Supreme Court decision barring them from collecting so-called fair share fees, depriving them of dues from tens — if not hundreds — of thousands of workers.
Later, they’ll face a drawn-out battle with well-funded anti-labor organizations that plan to pick off their dues-paying members with campaigns encouraging workers to save money by quitting their unions.
"This is new in California. We've not experienced this kind of organized campaigning" aimed at discouraging public employees from joining unions, said Eric Heins, president of the massive California Teachers Association. 
The State Controller’s Office said on Wednesday that it would cease deducting fair share fees from the paychecks of state workers who are not full union members. Employees will notice the change in their paychecks for their work in July, with many of them saving about $1,000 a year that they had paid in labor fees.
Fair share fees are supposed to cover the costs of representing workers except for the money unions spend on overt political campaigning. They tend to be about 70 to 99 percent of full dues, according to unions.
The Supreme Court decision held that public employee unions are inherently political, and people who disagree with them cannot be compelled to support them financially.

A judge ordered a white Georgia man to serve life plus 20 years in prison immediately after he was convicted Tuesday in what prosecutors have said was the racially motivated slaying of a black man 35 years ago. Frank Gebhardt, 60, was convicted on charges including murder in the killing of Timothy Coggins, news outlets report. 
Witnesses said Coggins was stabbed 30 times and dragged behind a pickup truck in a killing driven by racial hatred.
Prosecutors have said Coggins was killed because he was dating a white woman. The case remained unsolved for decades.
The jury's verdict, reached after about six hours of deliberation, was delivered amid heavy security in the courtroom, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported.
"Hopefully, sir, you have stabbed your last victim," Judge Fletcher Sams said as he sentenced Gebhardt.
Witnesses said Gebhardt and his brother-in-law, Bill Moore Sr., stabbed Coggins and dragged his body, which was found along a rural road in Spalding County on Oct. 5, 1983. Moore is also charged in the case and is awaiting trial.
Gebhardt was stoic as the verdict was read, but members of Coggins' family sobbed and hugged each other and prosecutor Marie Broder, the newspaper reported.
Gebhardt's lawyer told the jury his client was "racist" and "mean," but he argued the state relied heavily on witnesses who are in custody and testified in hopes of lowering their own sentences. But prosecutors countered that many of those witnesses relayed information that only the killer would know.

The Trump administration's sweeping immigration crackdown faltered Wednesday after GOP leaders watched members of their party help defeat a border bill championed by the president and a federal judge ordered the government to swiftly reunite migrant families.
By a vote of 301 to 121, the House rejected a wide-ranging GOP immigration bill that would have funded President Donald Trump's border wall, offered young undocumented immigrants a path to citizenship and partially addressed the family-separation crisis at the southwest border.
The vote came hours after the president tweeted that the House should pass the bill to "SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS & SECURITY."
After weeks of negotiations between GOP conservatives and moderates, the vote made clear how split the party remains on the issue. The measure barely won a majority of Republican lawmakers, and with no Democrats voting for it, the bill went down in a lopsided defeat.
Capital Group chairman and CEO Tim Armour discusses the sudden return of volatility to the markets and provides helpful context for advisors and investors.
Lawmakers will leave for a 10-day Fourth of July recess, taking no action amid an uproar over the separation policy and images of migrant children held in chain-link detention pens.
At the same time, administration officials scrambled Wednesday to craft a response to a federal judge in San Diego who late Tuesday ordered the government to quickly reunite migrant children with their parents.

Queen Elizabeth II almost never cancels her scheduled appearances so it was big news when she did so on Thursday: The 92-year-old monarch announced she was feeling too unwell to attend a service at St. Paul's Cathedral in London.
Buckingham Palace said in a statement the queen "is feeling under the weather today" and decided to stay home at the palace instead of marking the 200th anniversary of the Order of St Michael and St George, one of Britain's many historic orders of chivalry.
The palace said her cousin, the Duke of Kent, who is Grand Master of the Order, would take her place.
The queen has long enjoyed robust health, allowing her to carry out scores of public engagements around Britain every year. Her husband, 97-year-old Prince Philip, has had more health problems in the last decade, including a hip replacement in April, and has retired from public duties. But the queen carries on, though she has cut back significantly and doesn't do overseas tours anymore.
The queen also had cataract surgery in May, which was unannounced until a month later. The only change in her routine: She was seen sporting protective sunglasses at public appearances, which is unusual for her.
Meanwhile, she's still a visible presence in Britain: In recent weeks, she has had multiple appearances on her schedule, including a solo away day in Cheshire with her new granddaughter-in-law, Duchess Meghan of Sussex, plus her annual attendance at the Royal Ascot horse-racing event and the usual round of receptions, garden parties, openings and ribbon-cutting ceremonies.

When Lilach Naftalyahu was a girl, she dreamed that a terrorist would infiltrate her kibbutz, sneak into her house and kill her. As an adult with daughters of her own, she worries her childhood nightmare will become a reality.
“My big fear is that they will come out, that they will come to the kibbutz,” Naftalyahu, 36, said of the imaginary attacker from the nearby Gaza Strip, where tens of thousands of Palestinians have been protesting for weeks against Israel’s land, sea and air blockade.
“You worry that when you go to throw your garbage out, go see a friend, something might happen,” she added, as she swayed 6-month-old Raz to sleep. “I’m afraid to go to the toilet at night.”
Anxiety has been running high here and across other communities near the Gaza fence in southern Israel since March 30, when Palestinians started the “Great March of Return” demonstrations to demand the right to enter into Israel and reclaim homes lost after the country was founded in 1948.
Now, hundreds of incendiary kites and explosive balloons have joined rockets, as well as tunnels transporting terrorists, on a list of fears for Naftalyahu and others in communities hugging the fence.
Warning of “swarming” attacks, Israeli forces have used live ammunition to stop Palestinian protesters from breaking out of Gaza en masse, injuring some 13,000. At least 142 demonstrators have also been killed, according to Gaza's health ministry. Israel's use of deadly force has provoked an international outcry.

The UK tolerated "inexcusable" treatment of US detainees after the 9/11 attacks, MPs have found.
The Intelligence and Security Committee said British agencies continued to supply intelligence to allies despite knowing or suspecting abuse in more than 200 cases.
Committee chairman Dominic Grieve said agencies knew of incidents that were "plainly unlawful".
The findings have sparked fresh calls for an independent, judge-led inquiry.
The two parliamentary reports, published following a three-year investigation, examine how far Britain's intelligence agencies were aware of the mistreatment of terrorism suspects.
The ISC said it was "beyond doubt" that the UK knew how the US handled some detainees and rejected claims by intelligence agencies that the cases detailed were no more than "isolated incidents".
But the committee found no "smoking gun" to suggest a policy of deliberately overlooking such cases.
Prime Minister Theresa May said British personnel worked in "a new and challenging operating environment" which some were "not prepared" for.
She added "it took too long to recognise that guidance and training for staff was inadequate", and said British intelligence and the Army were "much better placed to meet that challenge".

Authorities in Germany launched a probe Wednesday into a string of 21 deaths over nearly two decades after the arrest of a man suspected of trying to poison a co-worker's sandwich.
The 56-year-old man, named only as Klaus O, was detained back in May after surveillance video showed him opening a colleague's lunchbox and putting a suspicious powder inside, German tabloid Bild reported.
"In the beginning we thought it was a misconceived prank between co-workers, and not a murder attempt," Tilo Blechinger, the manager for the metal fittings manufacturer ARI Armaturen, told the DPA news agency.
Bielefeld police said the powder contained lead acetate "in amounts that would have been sufficient to cause serious organ damage," and a search of the suspect's home uncovered further additional dangerous substances.
The 21 deaths since 2000, which were all employees at the company the man worked for, included a "remarkably high number of heart attacks and cancers," according to police.
Three other workers at the company in Schloss Holte-Stukenbrock, located south of Bielefeld, are also believed to have fallen ill from heavy metal poisoning.
