
On Monday, President Donald Trump blamed Democrats for the separation of migrant children from their families.
“If the Democrats would sit down instead of obstructing we could have something done very quickly. Good for the children, good for the country, good for the world, it could take place quickly,” he said.
Hours later, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen denied that the separation policy was meant to deter undocumented immigrants from crossing the border. “Congress is asking those of us who enforce the law to turn our backs on the law and not enforce the law,” she said in defending the separation practice. “It's not an answer. The answer is to fix the laws.”
But here are all of the times we found when the Trump administration said this was THEIR policy and that it was meant to DETER undocumented immigrants.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions:
“I have put in place a ‘zero tolerance’ policy for illegal entry on our Southwest border. If you cross this border unlawfully, then we will prosecute you. It’s that simple. If you smuggle illegal aliens across our border, then we will prosecute you. If you are smuggling a child, then we will prosecute you and that child will be separated from you as required by law.” 

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Tuesday arrived in Beijing, where he will likely brief Chinese President Xi Jinping on his summit with US President Donald Trump last week, as Washington and Seoul agreed to suspend a major joint military exercise.
This is Kim’s third trip to China this year, coming a week after he met Trump in Singapore for historic talks.
Trump agreed to work with Kim toward complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula, committed to provide the North with security guarantees and pledged to end “war games” with South Korea, which North Korea and China have long seen as provocative.
South Korea and the Pentagon announced they would halt the annual Freedom Guardian military drill scheduled for August.
In an unusual move, Chinese state media announced Kim’s visit and said he would stay for two days. Previously China would only confirm Kim had visited after he had left the country.
“We hope this visit can help to further deepen China-North Korea relations, strengthen strategic communication between both countries on important issues and promote regional peace and stability,” China’s foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a regular briefing. He did not elaborate.
A Kim trip to China to discuss his summit with Trump had been widely anticipated in diplomatic circles. China is North Korea’s most important diplomatic and economic backer but has been angered by its nuclear and missile tests.

China has underestimated President Donald Trump’s resolve to press ahead with tariffs unless Beijing changes its “predatory” trade practices, a top U.S. trade advisor said on Tuesday, in comments that undercut the chances of a negotiated settlement to a looming trade war between the world’s economic superpowers.
The threat of a growing trade conflict with China hit financial markets hard, with Beijing vowing a firm response after Trump on Monday said he would implement tariffs on an additional $200 billion of imports from China if Beijing went ahead with reprisals over an initial set of U.S. tariffs.
White House trade adviser Peter Navarro, a sharp critic of Chinese trade actions, said China has more to lose from any trade war.
“The fundamental reality is that talk is cheap,” Navarro told reporters on a conference call, again accusing China of “predatory” trade policies.

The Broward Sheriff's Office confirmed the man who was fatally shot in a possible robbery Monday in Deerfield Beach is Jasheh Onfroy, better known as rapper XXXTentacion and remembered in South Florida as a rising star of the SoundCloud underground rap movement. He was 20. 
Detectives said the rapper, who was born in Plantation, was driving a black BMW after leaving RIVA Motorsports, a motorcycle dealership at 3671 N. Dixie Highway, when a gunman with a red mask shot him and fled with an accomplice in a black Dodge Journey. 
Onfroy, who was living in Parkland, was shot about 4 p.m. He was supposed to be serving house arrest until March 21 for a domestic violence case in Miami-Dade County. He was facing charges of battery, false imprisonment and witness tampering -- charges to which he had pleaded not guilty. 
Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue personnel rushed the wounded rapper to nearby Broward Health North, where he was pronounced dead about 5:30 p.m. TMZ published a video that showed witnesses surrounding his car before deputies arrived. 
"If I'm going to die or ever be a sacrifice, I want to make sure that my life made at least 5 million kids happy, or they found some sort of answers or resolve in my life, regardless of the negative around my name, regardless of the bad things people say to me ... I appreciate and love all of you and I believe in you all," the artist said on a live stream on Instagram that was going viral. "Do not let your depression make you. Do not let your body define your soul; let your soul define your body."

The West Point graduate, who last year posed in a picture holding a cap that had “Communism will win” written inside, is officially out of the U.S. Army with an other-than-honorable discharge.
Spenser Rapone rocked the military community last year after his social media posts were revealed, showing him wearing a Che Guevara shirt underneath his military uniform.
He is no longer part of the U.S. military after top brass at Fort Drum’s 10th Mountain Division accepted his resignation Monday after an earlier warning for “conduct unbecoming of an officer.” He’s leaving the military with an other-than-honorable discharge.
Army officials condemned the cadet last year and opened an investigation into his social media activity. “Second Lieutenant Rapone’s actions in no way reflect the values of the U.S. Military Academy or the U.S. Army,” an Army statement read.
His open advocacy of communism attracted the criticism from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio who then urged the U.S. military to dismiss Rapone for supporting the country’s enemies.
The now-former cadet said the probe found him advocating for socialist revolution online and disparaging high-ranking officers and U.S. officials. The Army said it took “appropriate action” in dealing with the situation.
But Rapone remains unabashed, posting a picture on Monday showing him the middle finger at a sign at the entrance to Fort Drum, captioned with “One final salute.”

Let's get one thing straight: When given the chance, both parties have drawn congressional and state legislative districts in a way that lets their side hold power.
But lately, Republicans have been on the receiving end of judiciary blows to their congressional and state legislative maps across the country.
They caught a big break when, on Monday, the Supreme Court essentially declined to weigh in on two partisan gerrymandering cases that could have given Democrats a road map to knock down even more GOP-drawn maps across the country.
The Supreme Court in effect declined to say whether GOP lawmakers in Wisconsin and Democratic lawmakers in Maryland unconstitutionally drew overtly political districts, though justices left the door open for future challenges to partisan gerrymandering.
Had the Supreme Court decided that, yes, lawmakers in either or both these states unconstitutionally weighed partisanship to draw electoral lines, it would have been a historic decision — the first time ever the court used measures of partisanship instead of race to knock down electoral maps as unconstitutionally gerrymandered.
Republicans controlled the pens in a majority of states where legislatures got to draw the districts after the 2010 Census. So Republicans would have been most vulnerable to such a game-changing decision by the Supreme Court about how districts can be drawn. Democrats were hoping to use the Wisconsin and Maryland models to sue Republicans in states like Ohio and Florida.

A tip from a neighbor about a man in possession of "a large number of guns" turned out to be an understatement. When Los Angeles County sheriffs showed up at the home with a warrant they found 432 guns at his house -- and that was just the beginning of his arsenal.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and Department of Justice announced the unbelievable cache of weapons on Monday after seizing the weapons last week.
Manuel Fernandez, 60, of Agua Dulce, California, was already a convicted felon and was taken into custody for being a felon in possession of firearms, possession of an assault rifle, a felon in possession of ammunition and possession of large capacity magazines.
The arsenal, when laid out by sheriffs, shows at least 57 handguns and row after row of rifles.
Los Angeles County Sheriffs Department seized 553 guns from a convicted felon in Agua Dulce, Calif., last week.Los Angeles County Sheriffs Department
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department seized 553 guns from a convicted felon in Agua Dulce, Calif., last week.
After seizing the 432 weapons at the suspect's house, a second warrant was served at the home of a woman connected to Fernandez, where 30 illegal firearms were seized, according to the sheriff's department. Officials said the woman was not home when the warrant was served and is still unaccounted for, though she could face charges in the future as well.

Obamacare will suffer another blow on Tuesday when the Trump administration finalizes plans to make it easier for small businesses and trade groups to band together to purchase health coverage outside of the law’s insurance markets.
The White House is touting the expansion of so-called association health plans — which offer fewer consumer protections than Obamacare coverage — as a much-needed cheaper alternative. The administration will also soon finalize rules boosting short-term plans that offer skimpier coverage than the 2010 health care law.
The new rules, which the Labor Department will release Tuesday afternoon, are an effort to follow through on President Donald Trump’s frequent campaign promise to allow the sale of health insurance across state lines. Critics have warned Tuesday’s announcement will further drive up Obamacare premiums and weaken the law.
“They'll be able to cross state lines and they will get great competitive health care and it will cost the United States nothing,“ Trump said last fall, when he signed an executive order directing agencies to expand alternatives to Obamacare coverage.
Democrats have decried the Trump administration's insurance moves as acts of Obamacare “sabotage” that will drive up health insurance premiums for millions in the law’s insurance markets. The rules will come after the Justice Department earlier this month urged a federal court to throw out Obamacare’s popular insurance protections for pre-existing conditions, arguing they are no longer valid after the GOP tax law eliminated the individual mandate penalty for skipping health coverage.

The Trump administration plans to announce its withdrawal from the United Nations Human Rights Council on Tuesday, making good on a pledge to leave a body it has long accused of hypocrisy and criticized as biased against Israel, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley plan to announce the withdrawal at the State Department in Washington at 5 p.m., the people said. They asked not to be identified discussing a decision that hadn’t yet been made public.
The 47-member council, based in Geneva and created in 2006, began its latest session on Monday with a broadside against President Donald Trump’s immigration policy by the UN’s high commissioner for human rights. He called the policy of separating children from parents crossing the southern border illegally “unconscionable.”
The U.S. withdrawal had been expected. National Security Adviser John Bolton opposed the body’s creation when he was U.S. ambassador to the UN in 2006. In a speech to the council last year, Haley called out the body for what she said was its “relentless, pathological campaign” against Israel. She has also called for ways to expel members of the council that have poor human rights records themselves.

A children’s plaything found in the aisles of toy stores around the world is emerging as the Palestinians' latest weapon of “terror” in their bitter and bloody standoff with Israel.
Kites – and also balloons – outfitted with incendiary devices ranging from flaming rags to explosives, are being blamed for scorching more than 6,000 acres of land and causing $2 million in damage after sailing into the Jewish State’s territory from the Gaza Strip.
“Israel and Hamas are on the verge of the First Kite War,” a headline from the Israeli newspaper Haaretz declared Monday, as the IDF, the country’s defense forces, announced numerous strikes in Gaza against sites responsible for churning out the creations dubbed “arson balloons” and “terror kites.”
"The IDF views the use of incendiary balloons and kites with great severity and will operate to prevent their use,” the Israeli Defense Forces has posted on Twitter, calling them “acts of terror that endanger Israeli residents living in southern Israel.”
For one Palestinian, the idea to turn the toys into weapons reportedly came after spotting a kite with a Palestinian flag lying on the ground following deadly clashes along the Israel-Gaza border on March 30.
"We thought that maybe it could carry something else, like a Molotov cocktail, but realized it wasn’t practical,” Rami, a 30-year-old who described himself as an organizer of the kite building operation, told the Los Angeles Times. “Then we got the idea of setting it aflame."

For the past three years, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has taken his nation on a seemingly endless political roller-coaster ride. Under the auspices of his government, the country has seen two parliamentary elections and a controversial referendum that vested wider powers in Turkey's presidency. Meanwhile, the purges he commenced after a failed coup attempt in 2016 are still roiling the country.
The next big event comes June 24, when Turks will vote for their next president and parliament. For Erdogan and his opponents, the stakes are as high as ever. If he wins, Erdogan will assume the Turkish presidency's expanded executive powers, granted by the bitterly fought referendum in 2017.
After a decade and a half in power, Erdogan has become the most consequential Turkish politician since Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey. But his critics fear the death of Turkey's enfeebled democracy and the strengthening of an overt authoritarian. A growing body of analysts cast Turkey under Erdogan as a prime example of how democracies can backslide and how ostensibly liberal politics can give way to toxic majoritarianism.

The UK will be kicked out of the European Arrest Warrant deal after Brexit, EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier has said.
The warrant allows EU members to request the arrest and detention of criminals in other countries without extradition talks between them.
The UK wants to stay part of the system when it leaves the EU next March.
But Mr Barnier said the UK could not, because of its desire to leave the EU's court and free movement scheme.
The EU would consider setting up a "streamlined" extradition process with the UK instead, said Mr Barnier.
His words are not likely to go down well with the UK's Brexit Secretary David Davis, who earlier this month singled the European Arrest Warrant out as one of the cornerstones of post-Brexit security co-operation with the EU.
He said it had "brought dangerous people swiftly to justice" and "played a crucial role in supporting police co-operation, not least in Northern Ireland and Ireland".
Mr Barnier said "facts have consequences" and the UK's decision to leave the EU and its single market meant things could not stay the way they were now.
