
Taliban militants headed into cities across Afghanistan on Sunday as they celebrated their Eid ceasefire with feasts and selfies, raising questions about what happens when the ceasefire ends at midnight (1930 GMT).
President Ashraf Ghani said he would extend a government ceasefire on Saturday and urged the Taliban to do the same, winning praise at home and international backing, but critics said his overtures had allowed the Taliban to pour into cities unchecked.
The Taliban said there would be no extension.
Ghani had committed “a grave mistake” by allowing Taliban fighters to enter government-controlled areas, said Amarullah Saleh, a politician and former head of the National Directorate of Security.
“We don’t have mechanisms in place to mitigate the breach of ceasefire by the Taliban,” Saleh told Reuters.
Members of parliament opposing Ghani’s move said he had not consulted politicians and would be left with no recourse if the Taliban rejected his impromptu request.
A senior Western diplomat in Kabul said Ghani’s decision was “a bold move” but questioned what happens if the Taliban do not extend their unprecedented halt in hostilities against government forces.
“The consequences could be disastrous,” he said.
The Taliban said their members were expected to leave government-controlled areas before sunset.

Migrants rescued from the Mediterranean and turned away by Italy and Malta have arrived in Spain's port of Valencia.
Three vessels, including the Aquarius, which rescued the 630 migrants last weekend, have now docked in the harbour.
Health officials, interpreters and Red Cross workers are on hand to offer support.
Spain's new socialist government has promised free healthcare and says it will investigate each asylum case.
"It is our duty to help avoid a humanitarian catastrophe and offer a safe port to these people, to comply with our human rights obligations," Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez said earlier this week.
He has adopted a migrant-friendly stance since taking up his post two weeks ago.
How are the migrants being received?
An Italian coast guard ship, the Dattilo, entered the port of Valencia at 06:20 (04:20 GMT). It was carrying 274 migrants, the Italian news agency Ansa reported.
On Valencia's quayside, 1,000 Red Cross workers were on hand to greet the migrants as they stepped off the ship. Police officers have also been drafted in to handle their arrival.
The Aquarius itself entered the port shortly after 09:30 carrying another 106 migrants. They were seen celebrating as the ship arrived.

Nearly two dozen people were injured after gunfire broke out early Sunday during a fight at an all-night art event in New Jersey’s capital city, leaving one suspect dead which authorities said appeared to be caused by "neighborhood beef."
Mercer County Prosecutor Angelo Onofri said at a news conference that a total of 22 people were injured in the shooting, 17 of whom were treated for gunshot wounds at nearby hospitals. A second suspect is in custody.
"It's a massive crime scene," Onofri said.
Two suspects opened fire shortly before 2:45 a.m. at the 24-hour Art All Night show in the Roebling Market section of the city, according to Onofri.
The event began Saturday afternoon and was scheduled to continue until Sunday afternoon and typically draws thousands of people. The festival showcases local art, music and food.
"This is truly a tragedy for Trenton," Trenton Mayor Eric Jackson said.

A former Internal Revenue Service attorney on Friday suggested in a New York Times op-ed that the IRS  “should go after” President Trump.
“The New York State attorney general yesterday filed a lawsuit against the Donald J. Trump Foundation and its directors, accusing the charity and the Trump family of violating campaign finance laws, self-dealing and illegal coordination with the presidential campaign,” Philip T. Hackney wrote.
“I believe Mr. Trump is also criminally liable for his actions,” Hackney added. “If I were still at the I.R.S., based on the lawsuit, I would make a criminal referral, on charges of tax evasion or false statements on a tax return, or both.”
A press release by the state attorney general’s office outlined the allegations.
“As alleged in the petition, Mr. Trump used the Trump Foundation’s charitable assets to pay off his legal obligations, to promote Trump hotels and other businesses, and to purchase personal items,” the release noted. “In addition, at Mr. Trump’s behest, the Trump Foundation illegally provided extensive support to his 2016 presidential campaign by using the Trump Foundation’s name and funds it raised from the public to promote his campaign for presidency, including in the days before the Iowa nominating caucuses.”

Much of the central U.S. will be dealing with widespread heat on Sunday as heat index values are close to, or exceeding, 100 degrees in parts of the Midwest, including Chicago.
Heat index values close to, or in excess of, 100 degrees are possible from Texas to Michigan, including Dallas; Little Rock, Arkansas; Memphis, Tennessee; St. Louis, Chicago and Detroit.
The heat index will be over 100 degrees from Wisconsin south to Louisiana on Sunday.
On Monday, the heat expands to the east with heat index values nearing or exceeding 100 degrees again for much of the Midwest, including Kansas City, Indianapolis and Detroit.
Parts of the Northeast will also get quite warm, with heat index values in the upper 90s in New York and Philadelphia. In the mid-Atlantic, heat index values near or above 100 are possible from South Carolina to Maryland.
The heat will spread to the East Coast on Monday, and possibly brings record highs with it.
Heat advisories are in effect from northern Arkansas to southern Michigan and excessive heat warnings are in effect in St. Louis, Chicago and Minneapolis. These heat index values can become dangerous.
This stretch of heat shows little relief at night, especially in many of the urban areas, such as Chicago and New York.

The Trump administration separated 1,995 children from 1,940 adults from April 19 to May 31, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said Friday.
The administration's "zero tolerance" policy, which was announced by the Department of Justice in April, separates children from their parents or legal guardians because the adults have been referred to DHS for prosecution for illegal entry into the United States.
In a briefing with reporters on Friday, DHS officials complained of exaggerated and inaccurate reports about the policy, taking particular issue with a CNN report that a mother had her infant child taken from her arms while she was breastfeeding.
"We do not separate breastfeeding children from their parents. That does not exist, that's not a policy, that’s not something that DHS does," a DHS official said.
DHS officials also said they had "no choice" but to separate parents and children at the border.
Pressed on this claim, they said the only alternative option was to ignore the law, though previous administrations have used other methods to keep migrant families together while they wound their way through immigration court proceedings.

The Northern Neck Regional Jail, where Paul Manafort will spend at least the next three months while awaiting trial, has the outward appearance of being a small local jail holding street thugs and assorted misdemeanants.
But it also houses federal prisoners awaiting trial — including a member of the Taliban and a feared Colombian drug lord. It held NFL star Michael Vick and musician Chris Brown, too.
The jail is notable for another reason — four inmates have died there since 2011. In one of those deaths, a 32-year-old female inmate who suffered a stroke in 2016 was denied medical care for more than 10 hours and was declared brain dead later that night. The woman’s family sued six jail officials for wrongful death, also alleging that the jail tried to cover up its actions. In November, the defendants paid the woman’s two juvenile daughters a $375,000 settlement, court records show.
Manafort, 69, has been indicted on charges in what prosecutors say was a broad conspiracy to launder more than $30 million over a decade of undisclosed lobbying for a pro-Russian former politician and party in Ukraine.
He was taken into custody Friday after U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson revoked his pretrial release conditions pending trial because he allegedly contacted witnesses in the case. But rather than place him in the District or Alexandria jails, where local federal prisoners are often housed, Manafort was driven 90 miles southeast to the Northern Neck jail in Warsaw, Va., not far from the banks of the Rappahannock River.

House Oversight Chairman Trey Gowdy said Sunday the House is prepared to take action this week if the FBI and Justice Department fail to comply with the committee’s subpoena request.
“Under the heading of minor miracles, you had members of the House working on a Friday,” the South Carolina Republican told Chris Wallace on “Fox News Sunday.” “Paul Ryan led this meeting. You had [House Intelligence Chairman] Devin Nunes, [House Judiciary Chairman] Bob Goodlatte, myself and everyone you can think of from the FBI and the DOJ, and we went item by item on both of those outstanding subpoenas.”
The subpoena, issued in March, references documents related to the FBI's handling of its investigation of Hillary Clinton’s email server, its firing of FBI official Andrew McCabe and various surveillance concerns. The FBI and Justice Department have yet to produce all requested documentation.
“And Paul [Ryan] made it very clear. There’s going to be action on the floor of the House this week if the FBI and DOJ do not comply with our subpoena request,” Gowdy said. added. “So [Deputy Attorney General] Rod Rosenstein, [FBI Director] Chris Wray, you were in the meeting. You understood him just as clearly as I did. We’re going to get compliance or the House of Representatives is going to use its full arsenal of constitutional weapons to gain compliance.”
“I don’t want the drama,” Gowdy finished. “I want the documents.”

President Trump's decision this week to cancel large-scale joint military exercises with South Korea rattled Pentagon officials, who did not anticipate the news or have a strong role at the summit itself, according to defense experts. 
The surprise declaration, which came after Trump met with North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un, is an apparent concession to Pyongyang, which has claimed the drills are merely a pretext for a strike on the North.
After the announcement, news soon leaked of government officials scrambling aboard Air Force One to alert allied countries and partners of the change, with South Korea even left out of the loop.
Barry Pavel, a national security expert at the Atlantic Council think tank, highlighted the lack of defense officials on the trip, which he said was one indication the White House surprised the Pentagon.
If the decision had been planned, “you would have had defense officials there supporting the president,” said Pavel.
Instead, the Pentagon had only one representative at the summit, Randall Schriver, assistant secretary of defense for Asian and Pacific security affairs and the Defense Department’s liaison with the State Department.
Pavel also noted that any mention of the military exercises was missing from the prepared document signed by Trump and Kim at the summit. The document only reaffirmed Pyongyang's commitment to denuclearization in exchange for unspecified security guarantees by the U.S.

Top U.S. diplomats heading to the Middle East to discuss their plan to settle the Israel-Palestinian conflict are wasting their time if they disregard previous Arab initiatives to reach peace, according to the spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
Peace proposals that ignore “the resolutions of the Arab summits, resolutions of the UN Security Council, and international legitimacy, primarily the approval of the Palestinian people and the president’s signature, will be doomed to failure,” Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina said in a statement on Saturday.
Mahmoud AbbasPhotographer: Olivier Douliery/Pool via Bloomberg
Jared Kushner and Jason Greenblatt, who lead Middle East policy for the White House, are slated to consult with regional leaders next week about the peace plan the two have been working on since President Donald Trump took office. Tensions between American and Palestinian officials have been rising, exacerbated by Trump’s controversial decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem last month.
Palestinians say that move disqualifies the U.S. from being an impartial broker between them and the Israelis, as both peoples lay claim to the ancient city as their capital. Trump’s decision proves the U.S. administration’s “moral bankruptcy,” lead negotiator Saeb Erekat wrote in an opinion piece in the Israeli daily Haaretz on May 17. Trump has maintained that the borders of Jerusalem will be finalized only through direct negotiation between Israel and the Palestinians.

Mourners paid respects Saturday to Eurydice Dixon, the late female comedian who was raped and murdered early Wednesday on a soccer field as she walked home from a performance.
Police, chaplains, fellow comedians and Red Cross personnel gathered at Melbourne’s Princes Park, where the slaying occured, to leave flowers and notes, the Southland Times reported.  
Up-and-coming Australian comic, Eurydice Dixon performed her last set at the Highlander Tuesday evening. She left the venue around 10:30 p.m.
“I am so sorry that this happened to you,” one message read. “I will never forget your name, Eurydice.”
Several female comedians expressed fear for their safety.
“Female comics frequently travel by ourselves late at night, it’s part of our job,” comedian Rose Callaghan said. “I am so sad and I feel scared and we should not have to bear the burden of this.”  
Opposing soccer teams playing on a nearby field both appeared after their game to pay their respects. One team’s captain said that although soccer is perceived as a “man’s game” it was important to send the message that “we have to show women respect.”  
Some people expressed concern that the neighborhood might not be as safe as they thought it was.

On Friday and again on Sunday, President Trump attacked the media for the way the contentious G7 summit in Canada was covered.
“I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement – where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for!” Trump tweeted, along with a string of images from G7 photo ops where Trump appears to be getting along with other heads of state.
Then, on Sunday morning, Trump reposted his tweet from Friday, and added, “Please clear up the Fake News!”
There’s just one problem. The photo Trump is upset about — a viral picture of German Chancellor Angela Merkel leaning over a table and looking at Trump with exasperation during G7 talks, while Trump sits defiantly with his arms crossed — was actually posted on Instagram by Merkel herself.
Not only that, but the stories about Trump’s disconnect with Merkel and with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau were the product of comments made publicly by each of the heads of state, not anonymously-sourced articles.
