
The Trump administration has repeatedly sought to distance itself from its policy separating children from their parents when families cross the US border illegally, but its own internal documents contradict those efforts.
President Donald Trump had previously tried to blame the policy on Democrats, but over the weekend his secretary of homeland security, Kirstjen Nielsen, flat-out denied that such a policy existed.
"We do not have a policy of separating families at the border. Period," Nielsen tweeted.
But the Department of Homeland Security does separate children from their parents at the border, and it just put out a press release about it on Friday, explaining its new "zero tolerance" policy for border crossers.
"The Attorney General directed United States Attorneys on the Southwest Border to prosecute all amenable adults who illegally enter the country, including those accompanied by their children, for 8 U.S.C. § 1325(a), illegal entry.
"Children whose parents are referred for prosecution will be placed with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR)."

Trump has placed blame for the policy on Democrats as recently as Friday, when he had an impromptu press conference outside the White House.
"I hate the children being taken away," he said Friday. "The Democrats have to change their law. That's their law."
Trump has said Democrats need to get behind Republican legislative efforts. However, there is no law mandating the separation of families.
The current policy stems from the Trump administration’s "zero tolerance" toward people crossing the border illegally. As migrants who illegally crossed the border await trial, their children are separated from them and sent to a separate facility while their parents go through the criminal process.
The policy, set forth by Trump and implemented by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, has come under sharp criticism by lawmakers, advocates and the religious community.
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen targeted those groups by name in a series of tweets on Sunday night. U.S. Customs and Border Protection falls under the umbrella of the DHS.
Nielsen's second tweet -- specifically saying "We do not have a policy of separating families at the border. Period." -- had received over 3,000 retweets and 35,000 replies early Monday.

Sitting on government-issued green mattresses and huddled under Mylar sheets, more than 1,100 migrants awaited an uncertain future at a U.S. Border Patrol facility here, where resources are strained by the Trump administration’s new “zero tolerance” policy toward people entering the U.S. illegally.
Although the facility hasn’t yet reached its capacity of 1,500, Border Patrol officials said the policy — which involves prosecuting everyone who crosses the border illegally — means the center is processing more court referrals for migrants than ever before. Some migrants' paperwork is now being remotely processed by agents in other Texas cities.
The family separations that stem from the Trump policy add a new burden. On top of overseeing the welfare of people housed there, staff at the McAllen facility coordinate sending children to detention centers run by the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Refugee Resettlement while their parents head to court. There are only 10 permanently assigned agents at the facility, though officials would not say how many contract or other staff were on site.
“It is a challenge to balance both operations out in the front lines and the processing part of our operations,” John Lopez, the center’s acting deputy patrol agent in charge, told reporters during a rare look inside the facility.
The Border Patrol opened its doors ahead of a visit by a half-dozen Democratic lawmakers who have decried the administration’s policy, which has drawn backlash recently amid highly publicized stories of families being separated after entering the U.S. illegally.

A magnitude 6.1 earthquake rocked the Osaka region of western Japan on Monday morning, killing at least three people and injuring more than 300 others, NHK reported.
The temblor struck shortly after 8 a.m. local time causing severe damage to roads, bursting water mains and setting fires across the prefecture.
The news agency reported government officials confirmed two people died under toppling walls. One was a 9-year-old girl who was crushed by a concrete wall at a local elementary school and the other was an elderly man in his 80s, according to the AP. An 84-year-old man living in Ibaraki was killed by a falling bookshelf.
Another 14 cases of people trapped in elevators have been reported, NHK said, adding that dozens of residents have fled to local evacuation centers.
Shaking was felt well beyond the epicenter in Osaka, one of the largest metropolises. Kyoto, Shiga and Nara were also rattled by the morning quake.
No tsunami warnings have been issued.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the government was assessing damage and that its top priority was the safety of residents, NHK said.

With chants of "families united" and "free our children now," hundreds of people marched to the tent city in Tornillo, Texas, where children have been detained for immigration violations.
The Father's Day march near El Paso was primarily organized by Democratic Rep. Beto O'Rourke of Texas, who is also running for Senate against Ted Cruz. He says the march was the brainchild of Veronica Escobar, who is running to fill his seat in the House, as well as other community leaders.
The march came together on short notice: O'Rourke announced it late Friday.
Protesters gathered at a port of entry from Mexico, on the U.S. side, to begin the march.
"There were lots of families out," Monica Ortiz Uribe, a reporter who was covering the march, tells NPR. "I saw dads carrying sons on their shoulders, parents pulling their toddlers in wagons, and I saw also a young boy with a sign that said 'Keep families together.' "
Marco Covarrubias, who was born in Mexico, became a U.S. citizen with the help of his American mom. He attended the march with his 3-year-old daughter in his arms; she waved an American flag as he spoke to Ortiz.

One day in late May 2016, Roger Stone — the political dark sorcerer and longtime confidant of Donald Trump — slipped into his Jaguar and headed out to meet a man with a “Make America Great Again” hat and a viscous Russian accent.
The man, who called himself Henry Greenberg, offered damaging information about Hillary Clinton, Trump’s presumptive Democratic opponent in the upcoming presidential election, according to Stone, who spoke about the previously unreported incident in interviews with The Washington Post. Greenberg, who did not reveal the information he claimed to possess, wanted Trump to pay $2 million for the political dirt, Stone said.
“You don’t understand Donald Trump,” Stone recalled saying before rejecting the offer at a restaurant in the Russian-expat magnet of Sunny Isles, Fla. “He doesn’t pay for anything.”
Later, Stone got a text message from Michael Caputo, a Trump campaign communications official who’d arranged the meeting after Greenberg had approached Caputo’s Russian-immigrant business partner.
“How crazy is the Russian?” Caputo wrote, according to a text message reviewed by The Post. Noting that Greenberg wanted “big” money, Stone replied, “waste of time.”

Embattled FBI agent Peter Strzok has agreed to voluntarily testify before Congress, his attorney has told lawmakers, potentially fending off a subpoena for him to appear.
Strzok's role in FBI investigations into both Hillary Clinton and President Donald Trump drew the attention of Republicans in Congress after the publication of text messages he had exchanged with an FBI attorney. In them, Strzok and attorney Lisa Page were critical of politicians including Trump.
"Special agent Strzok, who has been fully cooperative with the DOJ Office of the Inspector General, intends to voluntarily appear and testify before your committee and any other Congressional committee that invites him," Aitan Goelman, Strzok's lawyer, wrote in a letter dated Saturday to House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.).
POLITICO previously reported that Goodlatte was preparing to subpoena Strzok's testimony. A number of other committees also want to hear from him.
Strzok was a key figure in the Justice Department inspector general's report last week on the FBI's investigation of Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. Republicans, in particular, were outraged by a text exchange with Page in which she asked whether Trump would become president.
"No. No he won't. We'll stop it," Strzok responded.

This clearly was no ordinary public school.
Parents of prospective students converged on Lake Oconee Academy for an open house on a bright but unseasonably cold March afternoon for northern Georgia. A driveway circling a landscaped pond led them to the school’s main hall. The tan building had the same luxury-lodge feel as the nearby Ritz-Carlton resort. Parents oohed and aahed as Jody Worth, the upper school director, ushered them through the campus.
Nestled among gated communities, golf courses and country clubs, the school felt like an oasis of opportunity in a county of haves and have-nots, where nearly half of all children live in poverty while others live in multimillion-dollar lakeside houses.
The school’s halls and classrooms are bright and airy, with high ceilings and oversize windows looking out across the lush landscape. There is even a terrace on which students can work on warm days. After a guide pointed out several science labs, the tour paused at the “piano lab.” The room holds 25 pianos, 10 of them donated by residents of the nearby exclusive communities. The guide also noted that starting in elementary school, all students take Spanish, art and music classes. The high school, which enrolls less than 200 students, offers 17 Advanced Placement courses.

Three men have died after being struck by a train near a south London station.
It is understood that spray cans were found near the bodies of the men, who are believed to be in their 20s.
Police were called to Loughborough Junction station, near Brixton, at about 07:30 BST and the three were pronounced dead at the scene.
The deaths are being treated as "unexplained" and police are investigating how the men came to be on the tracks.
Supt Matt Allingham, from British Transport Police (BTP), said the men's injuries are "consistent with having being hit by a train".
He said the bodies were spotted by another train driver who contacted police, and confirmed the men "were dead for a while before we turned up".
"We're still trying to identify the train that actually hit the individuals," he added.
Police officers remain at the scene where they are working to identify the men and inform their families.
Evidence bags taken from the scene later on Monday contained spray cans and items of clothing.
Officerscould be seen taking photos of graffiti alongside the track as part of their inquiries.

Top U.S. diplomats heading to the Middle East to discuss their plan to settle the Israel-Palestinian conflict are wasting their time if they disregard previous Arab initiatives to reach peace, according to the spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
Peace proposals that ignore “the resolutions of the Arab summits, resolutions of the UN Security Council, and international legitimacy, primarily the approval of the Palestinian people and the president’s signature, will be doomed to failure,” Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina said in a statement on Saturday.
Jared Kushner and Jason Greenblatt, who lead Middle East policy for the White House, are slated to consult with regional leaders next week about the peace plan the two have been working on since President Donald Trump took office. Tensions between American and Palestinian officials have been rising, exacerbated by Trump’s controversial decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem last month.
Palestinians say that move disqualifies the U.S. from being an impartial broker between them and the Israelis, as both peoples lay claim to the ancient city as their capital. Trump’s decision proves the U.S. administration’s “moral bankruptcy,” lead negotiator Saeb Erekat wrote in an opinion piece in the Israeli daily Haaretz on May 17. Trump has maintained that the borders of Jerusalem will be finalized only through direct negotiation between Israel and the Palestinians.

President-elect Ivan Duque appealed for unity after winning a runoff election over a leftist firebrand whose ascent shook Colombia's political establishment and laid bare deep divisions over the nation's peace process.
The conservative Duque, the protege of a powerful former president, was elected Sunday with 54 percent of the vote. He finished more than 12 points ahead of former guerrilla Gustavo Petro, though the runner-up's performance at the ballot box was the best ever for the left in one of Latin America's most conservative nations.
When Duque takes office in August at age 42, he will be Colombia's youngest president in more than a century and in his first remarks as president-elect he vowed to work tirelessly to heal divisions and govern on behalf of all Colombians. He also promised a frontal attack on corruption while addressing a surge in cocaine production that he called a threat to national security.
"This is the opportunity that we have been waiting for — to turn the page on the politics of polarization, insults and venom," Duque told jubilant supporters Sunday night, joined by his young family.
The election was the first since outgoing President Juan Manuel Santos signed the 2016 peace agreement with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia and the race ultimately ended up being defined by the divisive accord.

On Sunday, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to savage the critics of his summit in Singapore on June 12 with Kim Jong Un.
“The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia,” he tweeted. “They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail then give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions & millions of lives!”
Trump, like Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, is feeling the heat of criticism over the joint statement signed in Singapore. Many think that vaguely worded document will not lead to the “amazing deal” the president promised the world in his June 12 interview with Voice of America’s Greta Van Susteren.
There is, despite Trump’s vigorous defense, much to be concerned about.
The American president, until three weeks ago, had brilliantly outmaneuvered Kim. Then, surprisingly, Trump began to make what looked like rookie negotiating mistakes, squandering hard-won advantage.
His most recent tactics have been so ineffective—and the break from smart tactics to poor ones so clear—that it appears Trump may have shifted goals from trying to disarm Kim to winning him over instead.
Yet if Trump is still trying to take away Kim’s missiles and nukes, the forecast is a return to the tension that marked most of last year.
