
Tens of thousands of people are expected to join nationwide protests across the US over the Trump administration's strict migrant policy.
More than 630 events are planned calling for migrant families split up at the US border to be reunited.
Some 2,000 children remain separated from their parents, despite President Donald Trump's executive order ending the controversial policy.
He bowed to public pressure after weeks of domestic and international outrage.
The order stopped children being taken from parents who face criminal prosecution as part of the president's policy of "zero tolerance" towards illegal crossings of the US border from Mexico.
Faced with a backlash, President Trump instead promised to "keep families together" in migrant detention centres.
Migrant families separation: The big picture explained
However, critics say the order did not address the issue of families already separated, with 2,342 children taken away from their parents between 5 May and 9 June alone.
Earlier this week, a judge in California ordered the families to be reunited within 30 days.
It is likely to be one of the biggest protests over immigration, an issue that has proved deeply divisive under the presidency of Donald Trump, the BBC's David Willis reports from Los Angeles.

For four decades, the Supreme Court has been like a balance board, tilting this way and that. And, while it has moved more and more to the right with each reset, the center has held.
This term, and for the foreseeable future, however, the board looks more like a slide.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, who announced his retirement this week, may feel secure in his legacy. But Justice Sandra Day O'Connor did, too, only to be disappointed.
In the early 2000s, Justice O'Connor sat at the center of the court alongside Justice Kennedy. When she retired, she thought her legacy was secure – including the protection of women's rights, abortion rights and the ability of the legislative branch of the government to regulate campaign money in order to prevent influence peddling and corruption.
In subsequent years, she would privately make clear how unhappy she was with her replacement — Samuel Alito — for what she perceived as the undermining much of that legacy.
Now, it is Anthony Kennedy. After 30 years on the court, he believes that once rights are recognized, they will not be taken away. That includes the right to abortion that he helped to preserve and the rights for gay people that he helped establish — including the right to marry and to be treated equally.

In May, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were spotted in Union Station. Their appearance triggered a phone call to Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti’s office.
An LAPD officer reached out to David Marin, the director of Enforcement and Removal Operations for ICE in L.A.
Far from any raid taking place, Marin told the officer that the agents had merely gone there to get coffee.
“I get calls regularly,” Marin said earlier this month. “It was not like that at all up until this administration.”
Across the nation, ICE has never seemed more visible, especially as anger continues over the separation of immigrant families at the border under the Trump administration’s “zero-tolerance” policy. Protesters have rallied across the U.S., demanding that the agency be abolished — calls that have been echoed by politicians. Earlier this month, WikiLeaks published the identities and information of more than 9,000 supposed current and former ICE employees.
Being an ICE agent has always come with challenges. The agency has faced criticism for years from immigration activists, including during the uptick in immigration enforcement during the Obama administration.
But Trump’s crackdown on illegal immigration has made ICE much more of a target. Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf won praise from many of her constituents and criticism from the White House earlier this year when she alerted her city to upcoming ICE raids.`

The Trump administration last week escalated its trade war upon China. China will retaliate. As in any war, there will be casualties. As Catherine Rampell reported in The Washington Post last week, the price of dishwashers has risen 17 percent since the January 2018 round of tariff increases. Soon, Chinese consumers will pay more for food.
Can this mutual self-harm possibly lead to good? Almost certainly not—because the Trump administration, like most of us, is viewing the problem upside down.
They focus on one aspect of the United States-China relationship, the balance of trade. That shows a huge surplus for China, $366 billion in 2017. To simplify the story a lot, that $366 billion imbalance translates into an incremental increase in U.S. indebtedness to China, which tallied $1.17 trillion at the end of 2017.
These figures are usually described as a huge vulnerability for the United States. They are also often told as a morality tale of American self-indulgence or (alternatively) American naivety. Either because Americans do not work hard enough or because they have been sold out by globalist elites, America is losing and China is winning.
Or so the story goes.

Hundreds of marches will take place across the United States on Saturday as thousands of people demand the Trump administration reunite families separated at the U.S.-Mexico border.
More than 600 marches are planned, according to The Associated Press, from liberal, immigrant-friendly cities like New York City and Los Angeles to more conservative regions like Appalachia and Wyoming. American expats even gathered across from the U.S. consulate in Munich, Germany.
The protests, marching under the banner "Families Belong Together," are hoping to push the Trump administration to reunite thousands of immigrant children separated from their families after crossing into the United States.
More than 2,300 children were taken from their families in recent weeks under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy in which people entering the U.S. illegally face being prosecuted. But after public outcry earlier this month, President Donald Trump ordered that the families crossing into the country illegally no longer be separated.
However, more than 2,000 children still remain separated from their parents. Saturday's marches hope to put pressure on the administration to reunify these families as quickly as possible.
Cristina Jimenez, co-founder and Executive Director of United We Dream, the largest immigrant youth-led organization in the country, hopes the Families Belong Together march will mobilize the fight against the administration’s criminalization of immigrant communities.

Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) is signaling that President Trump should avoid picking a Supreme Court nominee that is openly pushing to overturn Roe v. Wade, instead encouraging him to choose a "centrist."
"All of that stuff is red flags for all Americans. And I think he needs to get a jurist basically looking at the law. The Roe v. Wade has been the law for 40-some years," Manchin told a West Virginia radio station on Friday when asked if he wanted a jurist who would overturn the 1973 Supreme Court case that established the right to an abortion.
Instead, Manchin said Trump should pick a "centrist" to replace Justice Anthony Kennedy, who announced his retirement this week. Manchin warned that it would be harder to get a nominee who wanted to overhaul the landmark decision confirmed by the Senate.
"You give me a constitutionalist, who believes in the rule of law and is centrist and moderate. ... I think it's somebody that will go along way and be received well," Manchin said.
Pressed if getting a justice that would help overturn the case wasn't a priority, Manchin added that he was "pro-life" but added that abortion is a divisive issue.
"I'm pro-life. But I know how that divides our country immediately and divides everyone. They're split right down the middle on that. If he picks somebody that's hardcore on Roe v. Wade or that hardcore on repealing health care, that's a bigger lift. That's going to be harder person on either side. He has to make that decision," Manchin said.

The man accused of killing five Capital Gazette staff members had threatened the newspaper in 2013 and continued to pepper social media with dark and often profane warnings. But until Thursday, the attacks had been only words.
That changed when Jarrod Ramos blasted out the glass doors of the newsroom near Annapolis at 2:40 p.m. and unleashed his rampage, police said, shooting with a legally purchased 12-gauge pump-action shotgun until he finally laid it down and hid under a desk as police arrived.
Anne Arundel County State’s Attorney Wes Adams said Ramos’s actions, including barricading a back door so that people could not escape and his “tactical approach of hunting down and shooting the innocent victims,” was evidence of a “coordinated attack.”
On Friday, a judge ordered that Ramos, 38, remain in custody and be held without bond on five counts of murder as Ramos appeared via a video feed from a detention center. At the bond hearing, Adams called Ramos an “overwhelming threat and danger to our community.”
The threats in 2013 came amid a lawsuit Ramos filed accusing the paper of defaming him through a column describing his pleading guilty to harassing a woman over social media. The defamation case was dismissed.
Ramos’s obsession with a former Arundel High School classmate, which started with his making contact on Facebook in late 2009 or early 2010, caused at least two criminal charges and three peace orders to be lodged against him and probably cost him his job with the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the summer of 2014.

An Ohio boy and his small team of landscapers were only mowing the lawn when a nearby neighbor called the police on them — and now they’re getting more business than ever.
Reginald Fields is the 12-year-old owner of Mr. Reggie’s Lawn Cutting Service, WEWS reported. He’s been working every day to clean up yards in his Maple Heights neighborhood with some help from his brothers, sisters and cousins.
They were all hard at work at the home of Lucille Holt when a perturbed neighbor called the cops.
“They said I was cutting their grass,” Reggie told the news station. “I didn’t know it.”
Holt said she was initially confused when she saw the police cruiser parked outside her home, but soon learned the person next door called to complain the kids were in their yard and cut a section of their grass — just a small patch where the two properties line up.
Reggie said the police never spoke with him or his team — they finished their work, but they couldn’t but help feeling a bit discouraged.
That’s why Holt created a Facebook post about the incident, including a video which has now been viewed more than 325,000 times.

The European Union’s new agreement on migration does not obligate any country to do anything, but it appeared to be enough to save Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and provide a political victory to the new populist government of Italy.
Leaders of the European Union argued, cajoled and debated for nearly 10 hours until dawn on Friday to come up with a set of proposals on how to handle migration, including the idea of establishing secured centers both inside Europe and in North Africa to screen migrants, identify and distribute legitimate refugees, and keep migrants from moving from one country to another.
The leaders were not driven so much by humanitarian concerns — the levels of migration have fallen considerably — as by political necessity. In an important gesture of solidarity, Ms. Merkel’s colleagues gave her the “European answer” to her urgent domestic need — to face down a challenge to her leadership from her fellow conservatives in Bavaria and her own interior minister, Horst Seehofer.
While Mr. Seehofer said little on Friday, senior members of his Christian Social Union suggested that Ms. Merkel had obtained enough to defuse the crisis, at least for now, and preserve her ruling coalition. Hans Michelbach, a senior Bavarian legislator, said that “something moved in the right direction in Europe,” adding that his party wanted to continue to work with Ms. Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union.
Mr. Seehofer had warned that he would defy Ms. Merkel and establish a hard border with Austria unless she struck a deal to stem the flow of migrants into Germany who had registered in other countries.

The U.N.'s migration agency snubbed the Trump administration's candidate to lead it on Friday, a major blow to U.S. leadership of a body addressing one of the world's most pressing issues - and only the second time that it won't be run by an American since 1951. Diplomats who took part in the first three rounds of voting Friday told the Associated Press that American Ken Isaacs was eliminated in the ongoing contest to elect the next director-general of the International Organization of Migration. 
The race was so far led by Antonio Vitorino, a Portuguese Socialist, ahead of IOM deputy director-general Laura Thompson of Costa Rica.
U.N. migration officials are distressed by U.S. policy and sources told CBS News that Mr. Trump's candidate did not stand a chance, reports CBS New' Pamela Falk.  In addition, as a former Portuguese politician, Vitorino has a good relationship with the secretary general and will move the global compact on migration forward, Falk reports.    
The move marks a searing rejection of the U.S. candidate just as the Trump administration has been retreating from or rebuffing international institutions - including two others based in Geneva: Earlier this month, the United States pulled out of the U.N.'s Human Rights Council, and Mr. Trump has recently criticized the World Trade Organization as "unfair" to the U.S.

Humanitarian agencies and rights groups have denounced a hard-fought but vaguely worded European Union deal on migration, announced just as another boat sinking off Libya led to the apparent drowning of at least 100 people.
The agreement, sealed early on Friday in a tense Brussels summit after a night of haggling, appeared to be aimed at preventing entry for even the most vulnerable people, Doctors Without Borders (known by its French initials, MSF), said in a statement.
"The only thing European states appear to have agreed on is to block people at the doorstep of Europe regardless of how vulnerable they are, or what horrors they are escaping," said Karline Kleijer, MSF's emergencies chief.
She also accused the deal of aiming to "demonise non-governmental search and rescue operations".
The 28 leaders agreed to consider setting up "disembarkation platforms" outside the bloc, most likely in North Africa, in a bid to discourage migrants boarding EU-bound boats.
No third country has so far offered to host these reception centres, where authorities would distinguish between irregular migrants and asylum seekers admissible into the EU. 
According to the EU deal, member countries could also set up processing centres - but only on a voluntary basis - to determine whether the arrivals returned home as economic migrants or were admitted as refugees in willing states.

A Syrian government assault on one of the country’s last two rebel-held territories has driven 160,000 people from their homes across southwestern Syria, violating a United States-backed cease-fire and threatening to entangle Israel and Jordan in the conflict.
Government troops, backed by Syrian and Russian airstrikes and barrel bombs, have steamrollered through several towns in eastern Dara’a Province over the past week, setting off the latest humanitarian calamity in the seven-year war and moving the government a step closer to consolidating control over the country.
The attack has ripped up a brittle cease-fire negotiated last year by Russia, Jordan and the United States, the Trump administration’s main peacekeeping achievement in Syria.
The United States, which has about 2,000 troops in Syria, has publicly criticized Russia for breaking the deal but has done little to enforce it, retreating from its initial warnings of “serious repercussions” for cease-fire violations and leaving southern rebels and civilians largely on their own.
“The Americans abandoned us,” said Muhammad, 30, a Dara'a resident who had evacuated his home in the eastern countryside to dodge the airstrikes, and who asked not to be fully identified for fear of reprisals from the government. “They put us in the bloody swamp and left us. We’re facing the worst scenario.”
