
New video footage of the Thai football team trapped deep inside a cave shows the boys laughing and saying they are doing well, 11 days after they went missing. 
A video posted on the Facebook page of the Thai navy SEALs on Wednesday depicts the pale, thin boys, many of them wrapped in foil warming blankets, introducing themselves and saying they are "in good health". 
There is laughter at the end of the one-minute video when one of the footballers notes he was skipped in the round of introductions. 
Two more videos posted on the Royal Thai Navy Facebook page show divers treating minor wounds and some of the boys smiling while others sleep underneath their blankets. 
Watching the footage outside of the cave, a mother of one of the boys teared up, AFP news agency reported. "He is thinner," she said.
The 12 boys, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach were found on Monday evening, nine days after getting stuck inside the Tham Luang cave complex in northern Thailand's Chiang Rai province after floods caused by heavy rains blocked its entrance.

Donald Trump has interviewed seven candidates to replace Anthony Kennedy, the retiring supreme court justice, leaving White House staff members scrambling to complete a vetting process in time for the planned announcement of the president’s pick on Monday 9 July.
The four candidates interviewed on Monday, first reported by the Above the Law blog, are all federal appeals court judges whose names appear on a list of 25 supreme court prospects published last year by the White House. Some were confirmed by the Senate for their federal posts as recently as last year.
White House spokesman Raj Shah said Trump spoke to three more prospective candidates on Tuesday, but declined to name them.
Judges on the long-list were selected by Trump and the White House counsel Don McGahn on the strength of their conservative credentials, which appear in all cases to include an opposition to abortion rights and skepticism over same-sex marriage and other LGBT rights. The Federalist Society, a national society of conservative lawyers, has been instrumental to the process.
Before his selection last year of Neil Gorsuch to replace the deceased justice Antonin Scalia, Trump interviewed multiple candidates including Thomas M Hardiman, who serves on the third circuit court of appeals alongside Trump’s sister, Maryanne Trump Barry.
Trump is thought now to be looking for a candidate whose conservative credentials will please his political base and who is young enough to serve on the high court for decades.

EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is denying a CNN report that he appealed directly to President Donald Trump this spring to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions and put him in charge of the Justice Department.
Pruitt, who is facing more than a dozen investigations into his ethics and spending, made the pitch during an Oval Office meeting with Trump, CNN reported, citing three people familiar with the matter.
“This report is simply false. General Sessions and I are friends and I have always said I want nothing more than to see him succeed in his role,” Pruitt said in a statement.
But Pruitt has repeatedly expressed interest in Sessions' job, people familiar with the discussions first told POLITICO in January, and continued rumblings about his intra-Cabinet ambitions have become one factor in the White House staff's growing irritation with the EPA chief. At the same time, Trump himself "enjoys discussing his negative view" of Sessions with Pruitt, The New York Times reported last month.
Trump has long complained about Sessions for his decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation, and he has stood by Pruitt, praising him for doing a "fantastic job" at EPA even as the scandals around the former Oklahoma attorney general have mounted.

Mexico’s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, was one of the most successful brands in 20th-century politics, but a record defeat in Sunday’s presidential election has left its future hanging in the balance.
Pushed into third place with its worst-ever showing, the PRI candidate Jose Antonio Meade won just over 16 percent of the vote, less than a third of that garnered by the winner, veteran leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, according to preliminary results.
The wipeout swept the country, shattering the centrist PRI in many traditional strongholds, including Atlacomulco, the hometown of the party’s outgoing President Enrique Pena Nieto, about 55 miles (89 km) from Mexico City.
“I never thought we could end up so low, and finish with such poor results,” said Enrique Jackson, a PRI lawmaker and former Senate leader. “It’s really upsetting.”
The PRI, which governed Mexico continuously from 1929 to 2000, and again from 2012, also lost all nine gubernatorial races on the ballot. Until 1989, the PRI had never lost a governor’s race.
Sunday’s results mean that Mexico’s 31 states are set to be governed by five different parties and one independent.

A 92-year-old US woman shot and killed her son, 72, in order to avoid being sent into a care home, police say.
Anna Mae Blessing, who is charged with murder, contemplated her son's intentions to put her into care for days, according to court documents.
"You took my life, so I'm taking yours," she reportedly said as she was escorted out of the Arizona home she shared with her son and his girlfriend.
Mrs Blessing told police she had intended to kill herself, too.
The incident happened in the morning of 2 July in the town of Fountain Hills, Maricopa county, police records obtained by local media say.
Mrs Blessing's son, whose name has not been released, wanted her to leave for an assisted living facility because she "had become difficult to live with".
The mother concealed two firearms in her robe pockets before confronting her son in his bedroom, police said in a statement.
During the ensuing argument, she pulled out one revolver, purchased in the 1970s, and fired at her son.
Police found the son dead, with two bullet wounds to his neck and jaw.

A woman is dead after falling from a balcony at an oceanfront hotel Tuesday afternoon in Myrtle Beach.
Myrtle Beach police and fire rescue personnel responded to the Westgate Resort located at 415 S. Ocean Blvd. after someone reported that a person fell from a balcony, according to police Capt. Joey Crosby.
Crosby said when officers arrived, they found a female in the resort's parking lot. She was pronounced dead on scene.
Chief Deputy Coroner Tamara Willard said the death is being investigated as a suicide.
Mark Waltrip, chief operating officer for Westgate Resorts, said the company is waiting for police to finish the investigation before commenting on the incident.
"We cannot share anything at this point. It's an ongoing investigation," Waltrip said.

The Department of Homeland Security slammed two NBC reporters for publishing on Tuesday afternoon what it called a "factually inaccurate" story that stated illegal immigrant parents were given a choice of being deported with or without their children as the only way to be reunited after being separated for illegal entry.
Julia Ainsley and Jacob Soboroff reported the only way the Trump administration will allow family units to be reunited is if the parent agrees to be deported and have his or her asylum request rescinded. Then the parent can return home with or without the child.
A DHS spokesperson told the Washington Examiner that the policy being referenced has existed for "decades" and that Ainsley misinterpreted comments U.S. officials made in response to a recent court order and never asked DHS for comment.
"She doesn't know what she's reading," the DHS spokesperson said over the phone when asked about the information in the story. A representative for NBC Universal could not be reached for comment.
The DHS official said parents and children are held in different dockets so if a parent finishes illegal entry court proceedings and is ordered deported, they are given the option to then ask that the child be taken out of his or her separate docket and also sent home.

Two brothers were charged in the callous killing of a 16-year-old boy in Washington after the teenager's remains were discovered in a shallow grave.
Jonathon Adamson, 21, and Benito Marquez, 16, are facing charges of first-degree murder, first-degree rape, tampering with physical evidence and unlawful disposal of remains in the death of Benjamin Eastman, according to KTLA.com.
Cell phone records reveal the brothers lured Eastman into the woods for a camping trip on June 24, where they planned a vicious assault.
Adamson allegedly told detectives that he and his brother pinned Eastman to the ground and assaulted him for up to 45 minutes once they entered the woods. The pair kicked Eastman more than 100 times, he told investigators.
A pathologist said the account is most likely accurate — confirming Eastman died of blunt-force trauma.
Adamson also allegedly told detectives that he and his brother sexually assaulted Eastman with a stick before killing him.
The brothers then continued their barbaric attack, allegedly hitting Eastman repeatedly in the head with a rock to ensure his death before twice burying him in a shallow grave and burning his clothes.
The brothers are currently being held on $10 million bail.

The government of former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak spent years systematically obstructing probes into the alleged looting of state fund 1MDB, while also ruthlessly muzzling critics, according to current and former government officials.
They said the meddling in the investigation by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) effectively shut down local inquiries into the scandal at 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) even as five other countries, including the United States, Switzerland and Singapore, carried out their own probes.
Any suppression of the probe in Malaysia ended abruptly in May when Najib lost power in an election. On Tuesday, Najib was arrested by the Malaysian authorities in relation to a probe into SRC International, a former 1MDB unit, according to an investigating task force. Sources close to the matter said he may face several charges.
Najib, who lost power in an election last month, has consistently denied any wrongdoing in relation to 1MDB and SRC. A current Najib aide declined to respond to allegations there was meddling and a cover-up.

A man and woman are in a critical condition after being exposed to an unknown substance, which counter terrorism officers are investigating.
The pair, in their 40s, were found unconscious in a suspected drugs-related incident at a house in Amesbury, Wiltshire, on Saturday.
It is understood tests are being carried out on the substance at a government chemical weapons laboratory.
Amesbury is about eight miles from the Salisbury Russian spy poisoning site.
Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with Novichok, a suspected military nerve agent, in March.
The substance Novichok was identified by the defence research facility at Porton Down which is understood to be carrying out tests on the latest substance.
The government's emergency committee, Cobra, has met in the Cabinet Office at an official level to discuss the events in Amesbury, which is being "treated with the utmost seriousness".
The Met said counter terrorism officers are now working with Wiltshire Police "given the recent events in Salisbury".

The Syrian government on Tuesday called on refugees to return, saying it has successfully cleared large areas of "terrorists."
The rare appeal reflects the government's growing confidence after more than seven years of war. While officials usually appeal to Syrians abroad to return during television appearances and interviews, this is the first formal appeal broadcast on official media.
Syrian government forces, with crucial support from Russia and Iran, recently retook large areas near the capital, Damascus, and are waging a new offensive in the south that U.N. officials say has displaced more than 270,000 people.
The U.N. Security Council scheduled closed consultations for Thursday on the offensive and rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the southwest at the request of Sweden and Kuwait.
The government currently controls over 61 percent of Syria, compared to early 2017, when it held just 17 percent, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which closely monitors the conflict.
The government refers to all rebels as "terrorists."
Over 5.6 million Syrians have fled the country. The Foreign Ministry says many internally displaced have already returned home, urging refugees to do same.

Officials in South Africa are investigating an incident where a woman was declared dead at the scene of a crash, taken to a morgue, placed in a freezer and then discovered to be alive.
Gauteng's Department of Health is investigating a June 24 crash that occurred west of Johannesburg where three people were flung from a vehicle and two were killed, according to local news source News24.
Paramedics declared three people dead at the scene, and forensic officers transported the bodies to a morgue. Several hours later, an officer discovered a woman from the crash was alive in a morgue freezer, the publication reports.
The determination of death was made by Distress Alert paramedics, who followed all protocols to check for life, Distress Alert operations manager Gerrit Bradnick told local news source TimesLIVE.
“This did not happen because our paramedics are not properly trained. There is no proof of any negligence by our crew‚” he said.
Bradnick told the New York Times that the accident that led to mis-declaration occurred in a bad stretch of road where paramedics were in danger as they responded to the crash: "Cars were coming at high speed and we kept having to run away through the ditches. It was absolute chaos.”
There is no national government oversight of ambulance businesses in the region, according to the Times. However, ambulance workers must register with the nation's Health Professionals Council.
