
Protesters marched into Lafayette Square opposite the White House on Saturday and chanted “families belong together” to counter President Trump’s “zero tolerance” immigration policy, and were joined in declaring that message by dozens of other rallies from New York to California. While the occupant of the White House was away for the weekend at his Bedminster, N.J., golf club, images of the rallies were broadcast by cable news networks throughout the day.
Animated by what they view as the cruel treatment of migrants seeking refuge in the United States from violence in their home countries, the crowds turned out Saturday bearing homemade signs that read “Abolish ICE” — the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency — and “Zero tolerance for family separation.”
For two sisters, Claudia Thomas and Monica Escobar, the sight of immigrant children being taken from their parents hit close to home. When they were young, they immigrated to the United States from Guatemala, one of several Central American countries that is a source of migrants today. They said they were out at Saturday’s protest in the nation’s capital to stand up for “human decency.”
“No human being should be going through what they’re going through,” Ms. Escobar said. “God bless those families.”
While Washington was the political epicenter of the protests, similar scenes unfolded in cities around the country, including large, border cities like El Paso, state capitals like Salt Lake City and Atlanta, and smaller, interior towns like Redding, Calif. In total, organizers anticipated more than 700 protests, in all 50 states and even internationally.

President Donald Trump falsely claimed on Saturday that he never encouraged House Republicans to vote for an immigration bill, despite tweeting such an encouragement three days earlier.
"I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold," the president wrote on Twitter. "I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov."
Trump explicitly called for Republicans to support Virginia Rep. Bob Goodlatte‘s bill on Wednesday with an all-caps Twitter endorsement.
"HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE," Trump wrote on Twitter before the Wednesday vote. "PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS & SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME. WIN!"
At the time, House Republicans were trying to gather votes to pass a compromise bill that they were hoping would draw support from both conservatives and moderates in their conference. The proposal was expected to fail beforehand and did so by an overwhelming 121-301 vote.
Trump‘s position on the bill wavered several times before it even came to a vote, with the president at one point saying he wouldn’t sign the bill. He also said last week that the Republicans’ bill wouldn’t pass the Senate. By Wednesday he had tweeted his support.

Polls have opened across Mexico after a campaign marred by some of the worst political violence in the country for decades.
More than 130 candidates and political workers have been killed since campaigning began in September.
The presidential frontrunner is Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, 64, the left-wing former mayor of Mexico City who has pledged to crack down on corruption.
He could oust the two parties that have governed Mexico for nearly a century.
This has been the most violent election campaign in Mexico in living memory. Now that voting day has arrived, however, many Mexicans see it as an opportunity to remove the government that has led the country to this point.
Millions of ordinary Mexicans are angry at President Enrique Peña Nieto and his administration, particularly over the sluggish economy and widespread corruption, crime and impunity.
The man widely expected to replace him, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador who is often referred to just by his initials Amlo, was the runner-up in the last two presidential elections.
He has made tackling corruption the central plank of his election platform, promising to improve wages and pensions by stamping out rampant abuses by the state and the political and business elites.
His opponents, including the centre-right candidate, Ricardo Anaya, have tried to paint him as a populist and a dangerous maverick who cannot be trusted with the economy.
Most polls suggest, however, that a majority of voters have not listened to that message and are prepared to hand Mr Lopez Obrador the presidency, third time around.`

The hallmarks of President Donald Trump's recent protectionist trade policies echo the trade fights of previous decades, and economists say it represents a troubling recipe.
Anna Zhou and Ethan Harris, economists at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, say Trump's tariffs and focus on the bilateral trade deficit echo similar policies undertaken in the 1980s— especially when it came to Japan.
Even on the surface, the parallels are apparent: A Republican president undertakes a series of protectionist trade actions against a close US ally in hopes of reducing a growing US trade deficit and protecting specific US industries.
"In the 1980s, like today, the large deficit was seen as prima facie evidence of unfair trade," Harris and Zhou said. "The US responded with claims of unfair trade and implemented a long string of protectionism measures, particularly targeting Japan."
In the 1980s, President Ronald Reagan and US lawmakers were concerned about the rising US trade deficit with Japan, as well as the country's strong entry into areas where the US typically dominated.
Much like Trump's focus on autos, steel, and emerging technologies, Reagan focused on autos, steel, and new semiconductor technology. The 1980s policy also employed a series of tariffs, quotas, and other import restrictions to give a leg up to US companies in the fields.

As Democrats look for ways to slow down President Donald Trump's pick to fill a vacant seat on the Supreme Court, Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., warned her colleagues on both sides of the aisle that the upcoming confirmation vote could be "career-ending" if it leads to the overturning of Roe v. Wade and other major precedents.
"My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that this vote could be one of the key votes of their entire career," Cantwell said in an exclusive interview on NBC News' "Meet the Press" with Chuck Todd Sunday. "If they vote for somebody who's going to change precedent, it could be a career-ending move."
Trump has the chance to change the trajectory of the court after Justice Anthony Kennedy, the perennial swing vote, announced his retirement last week. During the 2016 campaign, Trump said he would appoint nominees who would overturn Roe v. Wade, an act that could make abortion illegal in a score of states.
With little recourse to stop Republicans or even slow the process, Democrats are hoping to pressure pro-abortion rights Republicans like Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, to vote against any nominee that would threaten Roe v. Wade, the landmark abortion ruling.
As Democrats head into the midterm fight of their lives, it's clear Nancy Pelosi is no longer fit to lead
Cantwell said her party's strategy was to "speak out" about how a new conservative justice could fundamentally change the court. Trump is expected to announce his nominee July 9.

A knife-wielding attacker slashed nine people in an Idaho apartment complex that provides housing to refugees, Boise police said Sunday.
Police Chief William Bones said officers were called to the complex Saturday night and quickly found the suspect not far from the site of the attack. The suspect, identified as a 30-year-old male, was taken into custody without further incident and was being interviewed by detectives, Bones said.
The victims were found in the parking lot and inside the complex. Four of the victims suffered life-threatening injuries, Bones said.
He said officers were trying to determine why the suspect targeted the victims. 
“As you can imagine the witnesses in the apartment complex along with the rest of our community are reeling from this attack,"  Bones said. "This incident is not a representation of our community but a single evil individual who attacked people without provocation that we are aware of at this time."
Wylie Street Station Apartments, minutes away from downtown in the city of more than 220,000 people, provides HUD-certified, low-income housing in one, two and tree bedroom units. Northwest Real Estate Capital Corp., which operates the apartments, specializes in the property management and rehabilitation of HUD/Section 8 housing.
Bones said residents of the complex are a tight-knit community.

Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) asserted on Sunday that Roe v. Wade, the landmark Supreme Court case that legalized abortion nationwide, should not be overturned "unless there's a good reason."
In an interview airing on NBC's "Meet the Press," Graham said that the 1973 decision has been reaffirmed "in many different ways" in subsequent rulings, and that the precedent should be respected. 
"You don’t overturn precedent unless there’s a good reason," Graham said.
"I would tell my pro-life friends: you can be pro-life and conservative, but you can also believe in stare decisis," he added, using a legal term used to refer to precedent.
His comments came days after Justice Anthony Kennedy announced that he would retire from the Supreme Court at the end of July, a move that will allow President Trump to nominate his second justice to the high court.
News of Kennedy's retirement sparked speculation about whether Trump would choose a new justice willing to overturn the precedent set by Roe v. Wade, which held that state laws restricting or banning abortion violated a woman's constitutional right to privacy.
Trump has previously said he is committed to nominating justices to the Supreme Court who would be willing to overturn the landmark case, which has long drawn the ire of anti-abortion activists and conservatives.

When Antwon Rose, a black teenager from East Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was fatally shot by police this month, it took prosecutors one week to charge the officer with homicide.
In southern Georgia, it also took a week for the officer who killed black driver Anthony Marcel Green to be charged with voluntary manslaughter.
Experts say these cases represent a shift in how police-involved shootings in minority communities are being handled by authorities.
Prosecutors are bringing charges that take witnesses and videos into account, while at the same time acknowledging that they are going to have a difficult time going to trial and obtaining a conviction, said Philip Stinson, an associate professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University in Ohio.
"They generally don't bring charges in any case if they don't think they can win," Stinson said this week. But moving ahead with charges "is a good thing from my perspective because prosecutors are supposed to seek justice, not count 'wins.'"
Charges against an officer remain rare, and convictions even rarer.
So far in 2018, there have been three cases of officers being charged with murder or manslaughter, according to Stinson's data reviewing on-duty shootings.

Pressure is building on the Taliban to respond to President Ashraf Ghani’s offer for peace talks, in the face of growing demands for an end to the 17-year-long war in Afghanistan, a senior U.S. official said.
“Increasingly, I think it’s becoming unacceptable for the Taliban not to negotiate,” Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for South and Central Asia Alice Wells told reporters during a visit to Kabul.
“Right now it’s the Taliban leaders, and frankly it’s Taliban leaders who aren’t residing in Afghanistan, who are the obstacle to a negotiated political settlement,” said Wells, one of the State Department’s top officials dealing with Afghanistan.
Her remarks were made on Saturday but embargoed for release on Sunday.
The Taliban, fighting to restore their version of strict Islamic law after being toppled by a U.S.-led campaign in 2001, have so far rebuffed Ghani’s call for talks following a three-day ceasefire over the Eid holiday last month.
Instead, they have accused civil activists and local groups urging a truce of playing into the hands of the United States, which they say must pull its troops out of Afghanistan for talks to begin.
However, Wells said there was widespread support for peace, underlined by scenes of unarmed fighters mingling with government troops and civilians on the streets of Afghan cities during Eid.

A longtime U.S. diplomat announced his resignation as the nation he served worries about what will happen to the alliance that protects it.
James D. Melville Jr., the American ambassador to Estonia, said that he is resigning because of comments that President Trump made blasting NATO.
“For the President to say the EU was ‘set up to take advantage of the United States, to attack our piggy bank,’ or that ‘NATO is as bad as NAFTA’ is not only factually wrong, but proves to me that it’s time to go,” he said in a private Facebook post obtained by Foreign Policy.
Melville served as a diplomat for more than three decades and spent the last three years in the Baltic republic, a former part of the Soviet Union that joined both the European Union and the NATO alliance designed to combat the Russia-led bloc.
The State Department said only that Melville, who was thinking about retirement but moved up the date because he felt it was the “honorable course,” had “announced his intent to retire from the Foreign Service effective July 29 after 33 years of public service.”
His announcement precedes global attention on NATO because of its summit, for which Trump will head to Brussels next week.
Melville, who has served under six presidents, cited recent comments from Trump, who last year criticized European NATO countries for not paying enough into the alliance and may do so again.
Trump has been increasingly hostile towards traditional U.S. allies such as Canada and Germany while pushing for warmer relations with Russia, and it is unclear what he will do at the NATO summit ahead of a one-on-one meeting with Vladimir Putin in Finland right afterwards.

Searchers trying to reach a dozen boys and their soccer coach in a flooded cave complex used huge pumps to reduce the water level, allowing divers to place guide ropes and oxygen tanks along the route, officials said Sunday.
It was the first significant progress in several days in the massive effort to reach the boys, aged 11 to 16, and their coach, 25, who have been missing in the cave complex in northern Thailand for more than a week. Rising floodwaters in the cave had stalled the search-and-rescue operation for days.
Given how long the boys and their coach have been missing, the odds of finding them alive seemed to be growing thin. But the governor of Chiang Rai Province, Narongsak Osottanakorn, who is overseeing the search-and-rescue operation, expressed hope that Thai Navy SEAL divers could soon reach the cavern where the group is believed to be.
“We are very happy with the result,” he said Sunday. “The water level is reduced, and it makes it easier for the SEALs.”
Tham Luang Cave, a popular destination for cave explorers, is well known for flooding during the rainy season, which generally runs from July to November. The boys and their coach entered the cave system on June 23, shortly before a heavy rainstorm began. Rising floodwaters trapped them several miles inside.
The ensuing search-and-rescue operation, involving hundreds of people from some 20 government agencies and half a dozen nations, has captivated Thailand, with people across the country, including the king, following the developments.

New Italian prime minister Giuseppe Conte has ripped into his EU counterparts, claiming that they don't fully grasp the Europe-wide migration deal secured this week.
Confusion over the migrant deal has caused rifts to emerge between countries on the frontline of the migrant crisis and those without an external border.
The proposal to build EU migrant centres has already prompted several countries, including France and Austria, to back away from participating in the arrangement.
These remarks caused Mr Conte to say that French President Emmanuel Macron was "tired" when he spoke about not setting up an asylum centre.
The public spat between EU leaders has already led to concerns that the much-lauded EU migration deal, achieved in the early hours of yesterday morning, could crumble.
The proposal was originally a request from Italy to alleviate pressure on frontline Mediterranean countries, which bear the brunt of migrant arrivals. 
But, the deal states that the choice to set up a centre is a voluntary choice by EU member-states.
French president Emmanuel Macron rejected the possibility of his country hosting one of the centres.
