
President Trump on Sunday night congratulated the winner of Mexico's presidential election, a left-wing populist who has vowed to take a tougher stance against the U.S. president.
Andrés Manuel López Obrador beat out the candidate representing the ruling PRI party on Sunday amid growing discontent over the country's rampant crime and corruption. A third-time presidential candidate, López Obrador has publicly derided Trump's plans to build a wall along the border between the U.S. and Mexico and has said he will demand respect from the White House.
Trump, who has had a tense relationship with current Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, offered kind words to López Obrador after his resounding victory over PRI candidate Jose Antonio Meade.
"Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him," Trump tweeted. "There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!"
Relations between the two countries have taken a dramatic turn for the worse under Trump, due in large part to the president's frequent attacks on immigrants from Central America and his vow to build a wall and have Mexico pay for it.
Trump also announced new tariffs on Mexican imports, which were promptly answered by Mexico with corresponding retaliatory measures on U.S. goods.

President Donald Trump’s former lawyer Michael Cohen was interviewed by ABC’s “Good Morning America,” teasing Monday’s broadcast with a cryptic message on Twitter, saying his “silence is broken!”
ABC’s George Stephanopoulos, in an article published before the televised segment about the interview, wrote that Trump loyalist Cohen signaled he would work with special counsel Robert Mueller and federal prosecutors, even if that meant turning on the president.
“My wife, my daughter and my son have my first loyalty and always will. I put family and country first,” Cohen said.
“Once I understand what charges might be filed against me, if any at all, I will defer to my new counsel, Guy Petrillo, for guidance,” Cohen said.
ABC News reported that Petrillo is expected to take over as Cohen’s lead counsel.
Cohen is under investigation for possible bank fraud and campaign finance violations in relation to a $130,000 payment to adult film star Stormy Daniels weeks before the 2016 presidential election.
Stephanopoulos’ interview with Cohen was not on camera, and he reported that Cohen would not comment on key subjects, citing the advice of his attorney. But he said Cohen hinted that he may speak out later.

Talking to myself about why LeBron James joined the Los Angeles Lakers:
Q: Do you think LeBron believes he has a better chance to win a title in Los Angeles this season than if he had stayed in Cleveland?
A: No.
Q: No?
A: No. Even if the Lakers somehow find a way to trade for Kwahi Leonard, I doubt they'll win the Western Conference. Golden State remains the biggest mountain to climb. But Houston also is a huge obstacle. New Orleans can be a tough opponent for LeBron and the young Lakers.
Q: So why the Lakers?
A: It's about more than basketball.
Q: He wants out of Northeast Ohio?
A: He wants a bigger platform for all his business interests. He has a production company that has developed and brought real productions to television and movie theaters. James has interests in other global businesses.
Q: Didn't he show he could be a global figure while in Northeast Ohio?
A: Obviously, he did. But his return to the Cavaliers in 2014 was about more than basketball. He wanted to win a title for Cleveland. He knew the way he left the team in 2010 with the ESPN Decision Show was a disaster. Upon his return, I was told LeBron would give Cleveland at least four years.

No one expected Kennedy to allow Donald Trump to pick his successor. But he has. And it should forever taint his legacy as a jurist.
It’s been a few days now, but the shock of Anthony Kennedy’s retirement announcement hasn’t abated a bit. This is partly because of the ghastly coming ramifications, more on which later. But it’s also because I honestly didn’t think Kennedy would allow Donald Trump to name his successor.
I thought he had more respect for the United States of America than to allow this corrupt gangster who’s almost certainly never read a Supreme Court opinion in his life to name his successor. Yes, Kennedy is conservative, so to that extent it makes sense that he’d want a Republican president to make the call, and maybe it’s just that simple. But whatever his motivation, Kennedy has altered and destroyed his legacy.
Let me put it this way. If I owned a restaurant and he walked in, I’d serve him dinner. But if the other diners mocked and shamed him, I wouldn’t exactly cry.
Until last week, Kennedy’s legacy was going to be that of a basically conservative but sometimes interesting jurist. He was awful on money in politics. Awful.

A man armed with a knife attacked children attending a 3-year-old’s birthday party at an apartment complex in Idaho on Saturday night, going on a stabbing rampage that wounded nine people, including six children, the police said.
The man, identified as Timmy Earl Kinner, 30, returned to the complex, the Wylie Street Station Apartments, a day after he was asked to leave the property because of his behavior, William L. Bones, the police chief in Boise, Idaho, said at a news conference on Sunday.
Mr. Kinner began attacking the children with a knife around 8:45 p.m., said Chief Bones, who was visibly emotional as he described a scene of victims scattered across the apartment complex, in the street and on the walkway.
Among the victims, he said, were the 3-year-old who was celebrating her birthday, two 4-year-olds, a 6-year-old, an 8-year-old and a 12-year-old. The three other victims were adults who tried to intervene. Four victims received life-threatening injuries.
“This was an attack against those who are most vulnerable, our children,” Chief Bones said. “It’s untenable, unconscionable. It’s pure evil in my mind.”
The birthday party, which was complete with cake and decorations, was held outdoors in an area that was accessible to the public, the police said. On Sunday, remnants of blue and red balloons could be seen in a grassy area of the complex.

A wildfire burning out of control in rural Northern California sent a stream of smoke over 70 miles south into the San Francisco Bay Area on Sunday, transforming the sky into an eerie hazy mix of orange.
The County Fire in Yolo and Lake Counties has burned at least 50 square miles northwest of San Francisco, and is only 2 percent contained, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection. No injuries have been reported so far, but the blaze fueled by hot air and dry winds threatens more than 100 structures.
Smoke from the fire drifted south by Sunday, contributing to poor air quality across the Bay Area, according to San Francisco Department of Emergency Management. The agency said there was a "yellow" air quality alert due to the fires.
"People with heart/lung disease, older adults, and children should consider reducing prolonged/heavy exertion," the agency said.
The orange shroud of fog and smoke over the city drew many to share photos on social media of the foreboding sky.
Ash from the fires even was reported falling by the famed Golden Gate Bridge.

An "ongoing extensive heat wave" was set to bake a wide-swath of the East Coast from Maine to North Carolina through the July 4th holiday, forecasters warned Monday.
"Hot and humid weather like what we’re experiencing this weekend can cause heat illness, and even death,” said New York Health Commissioner Mary Bassett in a statement. “If you have air conditioning and you have not used it up until now, now is the time to turn it on."
Temperatures were expected to reach 10 to 20 degrees above normal and are forecast to stick around until the end of the week, according to the National Weather Service.
In New York City, families gathered at public fountains, with children running in and out of the spray to keep cool over the weekend. The high temperatures prompted New York City to put out an excessive heat warning, issued when a combination of heat and humidity makes it feel like it is 105 degrees or greater.
In Chicago, high temperatures broke on Monday after a sweltering weekend. It was so hot on Saturday that three different Minnesota Twins players were forced to leave a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs due to heat-related illness, according to NBC Chicago. The players were treated with IV’s to help replace lost fluids on the scorching hot day.

A man who mimicked the derisive remarks of former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and brandished a handgun at immigration protesters in Alabama over the weekend was charged with menacing and reckless endangerment, AL.com reported Sunday.
Details of the altercation were also reported by The Washington Post.
With a gun tucked into the waistband of his pants, Shane Ryan Sealy shouted “womp womp” and carried a sign that said “ICE ICE baby” as he walked in front of protesters gathered in Huntsville, Alabama, part of a nationwide series of marches on Saturday against the Trump administration’s immigration policies.
As an Episcopal priest delivered a prayer at the protest, Sealy allegedly got into an altercation with a protester that began as a shoving match and escalated once Sealy drew his firearm.
No shots were fired and Sealy, a former high school teacher, put his gun back into his pants and began to walk away, trailed by a handful of protesters. He was arrested by police for possessing a gun within 1,000 feet of a protest. The charges of menacing and reckless endangerment are misdemeanors.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the nation’s largest business group and customarily a close ally of President Donald Trump’s Republican Party, is launching a campaign on Monday to oppose Trump’s trade tariff policies.
With some of America’s tightest trading partners imposing retaliatory measures, Trump’s approach to tariffs has unsettled financial markets and strained relations between the White House and the Chamber.
The new campaign, detailed first to Reuters, is an aggressive effort by the business lobbying giant. Using a state-by-state analysis, it argues that Trump is risking a global trade war that will hit the wallets of U.S. consumers.
“The administration is threatening to undermine the economic progress it worked so hard to achieve,” said Chamber President Tom Donohue in a statement to Reuters. “We should seek free and fair trade, but this is just not the way to do it.”
The Chamber, which has 3 million members, historically has worked closely with Republican presidents and praised Trump for signing business tax cuts in December. But mounting trade tensions have opened a rift with the president.
Trump has implemented billions of dollars in tariffs targeted at China, Canada, Mexico, and the European Union, saying such moves are needed to offset trade imbalances.

Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany thought she had fended off a mutiny within her own conservative alliance after returning from marathon talks with fellow European leaders on Friday with an agreement on how to handle migration.
But instead, the rebellion escalated late on Sunday, further weakening Ms. Merkel, who was once seen as a rock of European politics and the guardian of the liberal world order.
In the latest twist, Ms. Merkel’s interior minister, Horst Seehofer, threatened to resign over the dispute with the chancellor’s migration policy. Talks between the chancellor’s party and Mr. Seehofer’s Christian Social Union party are expected to take place Monday.
If Mr. Seehofer resigns as minister and party leader, but the Christian Social Union remains in the governing coalition, Ms. Merkel’s government will limp on. If he takes his party out of the coalition — a partnership the parties have forged in Parliament since the end of World War II — she loses her majority.
Whatever the outcome, the last two weeks have left the chancellor badly damaged and many Germans wondering how much longer she will last.
They have exposed the spectacular weakening of a leader who not long ago was seen as a key defender of liberal values — a sentiment that culminated in her decision in 2015 to welcome to Germany hundreds of thousands of migrants from the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere who were not wanted by neighboring European countries.

A notorious French gangster has managed to escape prison again. This time, with help from armed friends using a hijacked helicopter and smoke bombs.
Redoine Faid, 46, who escaped prison five years ago using explosives, broke out of a prison near Paris on Sunday. He was serving a 25-year sentence for planning a robbery where a police officer was killed.
Two or three men armed with assault rifles hijacked a helicopter and forced the pilot to fly to Faid's prison in Seine-et-Marne. When the helicopter landed, two men dressed all in black, opened the prison door using a grinding machine and took Faid. At the time, he was meeting with his brother in a visitation room, members of the guards’ union, told France's BFM television. The men set off smoke bombs to blur the scene from video surveillance, union member Loic Delbroc said. 
France’s Justice Ministry said the escape was over in just "a few minutes."
Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet, who travelled to the Sud-Francilien prison in Réau on Sunday evening, called it "a spectacular escape," BBC reports. 
In the 1990s, Faid led a gang known for robbing banks. He escaped prison in 2013 using explosives hidden in packs of tissues. 

Stefanie Schaffer and her mother, Stacey, had traveled to the Bahamas to spend a vacation soaking in the sun, swimming in the clear blue waters and spending time with Stefanie's younger sister Brooke and stepfather Paul Bender. Now the rest of their family is rushing to their side after a tragic explosion severely injured both women.
Stefanie, 22, suffered life-threatening injuries when the small tour boat the four of them were riding in exploded Saturday morning, according to her brother George, who spoke to ABC News on Sunday. George said Stefanie had both of her legs amputated and remains in critical condition in a medically induced coma at Princess Margaret Hospital in Nassau.
Stacey sustained serious injuries, including multiple broken bones and internal injuries. Paul and Brooke suffered cuts and bruises, but escaped serious injury.
Stefanie Schaffer, 22, had both her legs amputated after the boat she was riding in exploded in the Bahamas on Saturday, June 30, 2018. Her mother was also seriously injured.Schaffer Family
One person, an American, was killed in the explosion and nine others, including the Schaffer family, were injured. There were 12 people on the boat -- 10 Americans and two Bahamas natives -- when it exploded at about 9 a.m. Saturday off the coast of Exuma.
