
The man charged with murdering five people in the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Md., on Thursday had previously been investigated over threatening comments toward staff members, Anne Arundel County Police Department Chief Tim Altomare said Friday.
In 2013, a detective had looked into the threatening remarks made by Jarrod Ramos, who was angry over coverage of him in The Capital newspaper, and spoke to representatives of Capital Gazette. No charges were filed — a decision that Altomare said was made out of "a fear that doing so would exacerbate an already flammable situation."
That was one of several details to emerge in a news conference on Thursday's shooting. Other revelations include the fact that police used a facial recognition system to help confirm Ramos' identity. Altomare also said the suspect had tried to hide as officers cornered him roughly two minutes after the first 911 call came in.
"I think fight or flight kicks in," Altomare said of the suspect. "I don't know why, but flight won."
Word that police used facial recognition emerged after some news outlets reported that Ramos might have damaged or altered his fingerprints — reports that police said were inaccurate. On Friday, Altomare said police ran the suspect's prints but "we had lag getting answers" from the computer system.
Because of the delay, police turned to facial recognition, the police chief said.

After President Trump made his first speech to Congress in February 2017, he was filmed exchanging pleasantries with U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy.
“Say hello to your boy — special guy,” Trump told Kennedy, alluding to Kennedy’s son, Justin.
“Your kids have been very nice to him,” Kennedy replied.
“They love him, and they love him in New York. He’s a great guy,”  Trump said.
But the Trump family’s relationship with Justice Kennedy’s family goes beyond friendship. As The New York Times detailed in a recent article about “the White House’s quiet campaign to create a Supreme Court opening,” Justin Kennedy — who spent more than a decade working in a senior role at Deutsche Bank — may been more responsible than anyone else for saving the Trump family’s business during the darkest days of the Great Recession:
[Justin] worked closely with Mr. Trump when he was a real estate developer, according to two people with knowledge of his role.
During Mr. Kennedy’s tenure, Deutsche Bank became Mr. Trump’s most important lender, dispensing well over $1 billion in loans to him for the renovation and construction of skyscrapers in New York and Chicago at a time other mainstream banks were wary of doing business with him because of his troubled business history.

A federal judge blocked Kentucky’s Medicaid work requirements on Friday, ruling that the Trump administration did not adequately consider before approving the state’s proposal whether work requirements would violate the program’s purpose of providing health care to the most vulnerable Americans.
The court decision is at least a temporary blow to the ambitious plans of Republican-led states and the Trump administration to remake the program.
The ruling came in a lawsuit involving Kentucky, one of the first states to have its proposal requiring certain Medicaid recipients to work (or else lose their benefits) approved by the Trump administration. District court Judge James Boasberg, an Obama appointee, came down in favor of the plaintiffs, led by the National Health Law Program and Kentucky Equal Justice Center, who sought to block the work requirements from taking effect on July 1 as planned.
The federal government is obligated under federal law to consider whether a Medicaid proposal advances the program’s objectives, the judge wrote, and the Trump administration failed to meet that standard before approving Kentucky’s plan.
“The Secretary never adequately considered whether Kentucky HEALTH would in fact help the state furnish medical assistance to its citizens, a central objective of Medicaid, Boasberg said in his decision. “This signal omission renders his determination arbitrary and capricious.”

General Motors warned on Friday that expansive US tariffs on imported vehicles being considered by the Trump administration could lead to “a smaller GM” and risks isolating US businesses from the global market.
The car giant – which employs 180,000 people worldwide – became the second famous US brand this week to warn of the dangers of Trump’s escalating trade dispute. This week Harley-Davidson said the levies would force it to relocate some production overseas – a warning that drew a furious response from Donald Trump.
The Trump administration launched an investigation into whether imported vehicles posed a national security threat in May, and Trump has repeatedly threatened to quickly impose a 20% import tariff on vehicles.
The largest US automaker said in comments filed on Friday with the US commerce department that overly broad tariffs could “lead to a smaller GM, a reduced presence at home and abroad for this iconic American company, and risk less – not more – US jobs”.
GM said the tariffs could hike vehicle prices and reduce sales. Even if automakers opted not to pass on higher costs “this could still lead to less investment, fewer jobs, and lower wages for our employees. The carry-on effect of less investment and a smaller workforce could delay breakthrough technologies.”
Toyota filed separate comments opposing the tariffs on Friday saying they would “threaten US manufacturing, jobs, exports, and economic prosperity”.

A gunman opened fire at the offices of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland, Thursday afternoon killing five people and injuring two more, police said.
Police arrested a suspect at the scene after finding him hiding under a desk, according to officials. Jarrod Ramos, 38, of Laurel, Maryland, was charged with five counts of first-degree murder, according to court records.
Hundreds of people turned out Friday night for a vigil in Annapolis, Maryland, to remember the five people killed in a mass shooting Thursday at the Capital Gazette newspaper.
At least 300 people gathered at a shopping center, according to the Baltimore Sun, to remember the four journalists and a sales assistant killed when a gunman shot his way into the newspaper’s offices. 
One of those killed was the newspaper’s assistant editor Rob Hiassen. His brother, novelist Carl Hiaasen, took to Twitter Friday to thank “everyone for their wonderful tributes to my amazing brother Rob.”
“Superb journalist, extraordinary dad, husband and friend. Our hearts are shattered,” Hiaasen said.

Prosecutors and FBI agents learned of the existence of a storage locker containing 30 years of business records belonging to Paul Manafort from Associated Press reporters who were investigating him, an FBI agent testified in federal court.
The agent, Jeff Pfeiffer, testified Friday that four AP employees met with a group of prosecutors and agents on April 11, 2017, to discuss the business dealings of Manafort, President Donald Trump’s former campaign chairman. The news agency later wrote about Manafort’s business ties to Oleg Deripaska, a Russian oligarch who’s thought to be close to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Six weeks after meeting the reporters, Pfeiffer said, he interviewed a personal assistant to Manafort who gave him permission and a key to enter the locker and survey its contents. A day later, agents returned with a search warrant and took most of the records, Pfeiffer said at a pretrial hearing in Alexandria, Virginia.
Manafort, 69, who faces a July 25 trial on bank fraud and tax charges, wants a judge to toss out the evidence obtained during that search on the grounds that only Manafort, not the employee, was authorized to give Pfeiffer his initial entry into the locker. U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III said he would decide the matter later.`

Brennan McCarthy spent years staring out the window, expecting one day to see Jarrod Ramos coming for him. 
In 19 years that he has been practicing law, McCarthy, an attorney in Annapolis, Maryland, said he never came across any person who frightened him as much as Ramos.
That same man is now charged with killing five people at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis on Thursday. 
McCarthy says he became a target of Ramos' rage after representing a woman in 2011 who accused Ramos of stalking her and threatening her online. 
"Of the thousands of people I’ve dealt with in court, this guy stuck," McCarthy told USA TODAY. "I was extremely scared that he was going to do something to me and my family." 
The woman told McCarthy that Ramos, who had gone to the same high school as she did, had been harassing her online since 2009. McCarthy described it as the "worst case of harassment and stalking I have ever encountered in my career." 

Despite President Donald Trump’s boast at a rally that he had secured the remains of U.S. troops killed during the Korean War, his secretary of state says North Korea is yet to send any.
Around 7,700 U.S. soldiers remain unaccounted for from the conflict, the majority of whom are presumed dead in North Korea. As the U.S. military moved 100 wooden coffins to the border between North and South Korea in preparation last week, Trump told a rally in Minnesota: “We got back our great fallen heroes, the remains, in fact today already 200 have been sent back.”
Speaking to the Senate Appropriations Committee on Wednesday, Trump’s Secretary of State Mike Pompeo did not confirm the president’s comments, when Senator Cynthia Shaheen raised the issue of the Korean War dead. Shaheen asked on behalf of charity workers who have dedicated years to repatriating the remains of U.S. soldiers missing in action.
“I am optimistic that we will begin to have two opportunities: One is to receive some remains in the not-too-distant future, but then there is a great deal of work with companies like the one you described, nonprofits,” Pompeo said. Asked if this meant that the U.S. had in fact not yet received the remains, Pompeo confirmed that was correct. “We have not yet physically received them,” he said.

European Union leaders wrangled over migration policy reforms in an all-night meeting in Brussels. And one of the bloc's newest and loudest critics, the barely month-old government of Italy, is claiming a big win.
In the early hours of Friday, the EU states said they agreed on a package of plans, which included key demands from Italy: more support for "front-line" entry countries, stronger efforts to counter human smuggling and the establishment of more centers for holding and processing asylum-seekers.
Italy is a front-line country for immigrants and refugees crossing the Mediterranean to Europe. Its populist leaders oppose a rule that says the country where migrants first land is responsible for determining whether to let them stay.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte — in his government's first major EU summit appearance — had threatened to veto any deals if his country did not get more help with migration issues. He sounded satisfied with the outcome. "Italy is no longer alone," Conte told reporters as he left the meetings Friday.
The Italian populists' rise to power, analysts say, came largely because of a sense among voters that Italy has been abandoned by its EU partners in handling the migrant crisis.

Humanitarian agencies and rights groups have denounced a hard-fought but vaguely worded European Union deal on migration, announced just as another boat sinking off Libya led to the apparent drowning of at least 100 people.
The agreement, sealed early on Friday in a tense Brussels summit after a night of haggling, appeared to be aimed at preventing entry for even the most vulnerable people, Doctors Without Borders (known by its French initials, MSF), said in a statement.
"The only thing European states appear to have agreed on is to block people at the doorstep of Europe regardless of how vulnerable they are, or what horrors they are escaping," said Karline Kleijer, MSF's emergencies chief.
She also accused the deal of aiming to "demonise non-governmental search and rescue operations".
The 28 leaders agreed to consider setting up "disembarkation platforms" outside the bloc, most likely in North Africa, in a bid to discourage migrants boarding EU-bound boats.
No third country has so far offered to host these reception centres, where authorities would distinguish between irregular migrants and asylum seekers admissible into the EU. 
According to the EU deal, member countries could also set up processing centres - but only on a voluntary basis - to determine whether the arrivals returned home as economic migrants or were admitted as refugees in willing states.

Voters in Mexico will head to the polls Sunday for the largest election in the country’s history, electing a new president, Congress, nine governors and hundreds of mayors and local representatives.
This is taking place against a sobering backdrop of violence — over 130 candidates have been killed ahead of the elections.
Presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador, commonly known by his initials, AMLO, has held a steady lead throughout the elections.
For Miriam Carreno Campos, 33, López Obrador represents a break from the past, a break from corruption, a moral leader who has values and does what he says he does.
“He is the hope for the youth,” Carreno said of the leftist candidate.
Obrador is running against Ricardo Anaya, of the right-left coalition National Action Party (PAN), and José Antonio Meade, from the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
A recent survey from the Mexican newspaper Reforma gave Obrador 51 percent support, Anaya 27 percent and Meade 19 percent. The poll surveyed 1,200 registered voters and had a margin of error of four percentage points.

The UN migration agency's member states have rejected President Trump's nominee for director-general, making it only the second time in the agency's history that it will not be led by an American.
Ken Isaacs, an executive with a Christian charity, was eliminated after three voting rounds, AFP reported.
Mr Trump's anti-immigration policies, including separating children from parents, have been widely criticised.
The White House has also proposed cutting UN funding.
Mr Isaacs meanwhile has a history of anti-Islam comments.
Antonio Vitorino, a Portuguese former EU commissioner, has been elected to lead the International Organization for Migration (IOM) instead.
Diplomats said Mr Vitorino's bid had been helped by EU efforts to find a common response to the migrant crisis.
Mr Isaacs made his Twitter account private after his nomination for the IOM leadership in February led to criticism.
The Samaritan's Purse executive had previously described Islam to be an inherently violent religion on numerous occasions and retweeted xenophobic material.
He has also refused to recognise the link between human activity and climate change.
