
As the day dawned across the U.S. on Friday, a new economic reality dawned with it: The tariffs long threatened against billions of dollars in Chinese goods took effect just at midnight ET while many Americans were sleeping — but Beijing was ready immediately with a wake-up call of its own.
The new trade regulations imposed by the Trump administration, which levy a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports to the U.S., have "violated [World Trade Organization] rules and launched the largest trade war in economic history to date," China's Ministry of Commerce declared in a statement Friday.
Chinese authorities quickly retaliated with equivalent tariffs on $34 billion worth of imported U.S. goods — previously promised as ranging from vehicles to soybeans, beef and other agricultural products.
The rapid tit for tat follows weeks of anxious anticipation over the "trade remedies" President Trump vowed last month to implement. At the time he announced the tariffs, back in mid-June, Trump said the current U.S.-China economic relationship had grown to be "no longer sustainable."
"Trade between our nations," he explained, "has been very unfair, for a very long time."
And he has promised that Friday's package of economic penalties will not be the last. On Thursday aboard Air Force One, the president vowed to implement tariffs on an additional $16 billion worth of imported Chinese goods within the month.

A former Thai navy diver has died while taking part in efforts to rescue 12 boys and their football coach trapped in a flooded cave in Thailand.
Petty Officer Saman Gunan lost consciousness on his way out of the Tham Luang cave complex, where he had been delivering air tanks.
The boys have been trapped for nearly two weeks in a chamber in the cave.
They ventured in while the cave was dry but were caught out by a sudden deluge of rain, which flooded the system.
The group was found by British rescue divers after 10 days in the cave, perched on a rock shelf in a small chamber about 4km (2.5 miles) from the cave mouth.
Teams of Thai and international divers have since supplied them with food, oxygen and medical attention, but there are mounting concerns about the oxygen level in the chamber, which officials said had fallen to 15%. The usual level is 21%.
On the surface, a huge military and civilian rescue operation is racing against the clock to bring the boys to safety. Heavy monsoon rains are expected on Sunday, threatening further flooding.
Officials had initially considered leaving the boys in the chamber to wait out the rainy season - which could have seen them trapped there for up to four months.

The Labor Department released its monthly hiring and unemployment figures on Friday morning, providing one of the better snapshots of the state of the American economy.
■ 213,000 jobs were added last month. Economists had expected a gain of about 200,000. Revisions to reports for April and May added 37,000 jobs to previous totals.
■ The unemployment rate rose to 4 percent, from 3.8 percent.
■ Average hourly earnings rose by 0.2 percent after growing by 0.3 percent in May. The year-over-year gain is now 2.7 percent.
Arriving on the ninth anniversary of the recession’s end, the latest jobs numbers cap a string of encouraging economic reports. Many estimates for growth in the second quarter are bouncing above 4 percent. The manufacturing sector buzzed with activity last month, and spending on construction rose. New jobless claims are dragging along at historically low levels. And many consumers displayed their confidence in the economy by kicking off the summer with a new car purchase.
“I’m really excited to see that the labor force is growing,” said Catherine Barrera, chief economist of the online job site ZipRecruiter. “There were some people who weren’t participating in the labor force who are now being encouraged to return, so I’m not concerned about the uptick in unemployment.”

The Trump administration is suppressing an Environmental Protection Agency report that warns that most Americans inhale enough formaldehyde vapor in the course of daily life to put them at risk of developing leukemia and other ailments, a current and a former agency official told POLITICO.
The warnings are contained in a draft health assessment EPA scientists completed just before Donald Trump became president, according to the officials. They said top advisers to departing Administrator Scott Pruitt are delaying its release as part of a campaign to undermine the agency’s independent research into the health risks of toxic chemicals.
Andrew Wheeler, the No. 2 official at EPA who will be the agency's new acting chief as of Monday, also has a history with the chemical. He was staff director for the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee in 2004, when his boss, then-Chairman Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), sought to delay an earlier iteration of the formaldehyde assessment.
Formaldehyde is one of the most commonly used chemicals in the country. Americans are exposed to it through wood composites in cabinets and furniture, as well as air pollution from major refineries. The new assessment would give greater weight to warnings about the chemical's risks and could lead to stricter regulations from the EPA or class-action lawsuits targeting its manufacturers, as frequently occurs after these types of studies are released.

It's a mistake that's costing the U.S. Postal Service $3.5 million — the Statue of Liberty Forever stamps released in 2010 didn't actually show New York's Lady Liberty.
The photograph featured in the stamp design actually shows a Statue of Liberty replica outside the New York-New York casino hotel in Las Vegas. Stamps with the Las Vegas image were in circulation for at least three months before the Postal Service realized the mistake — 3 billion were printed. The Postal Service found the photograph on a stock image site, and defended its decision to use it. 
"We really like the image and are thrilled that people have noticed in a sense," a USPS spokesman told CNN in 2011. "It's something that people really like. If you ask people in Vegas, they're saying, 'Hey, That's great. That's wonderful.' It's certainly injected some excitement into our stamp program."
The replica's sculptor Robert Davidson didn't share the sentiment. He sued the government for copyright infringement, and a judge ruled in his favor. 
Davidson's attorneys argued his version of Lady Liberty is unmistakably different from the original, because it is more "fresh-faced," "sultry" and even "sexier." Postal Service attorneys said the versions were too similar to notice any differences. The Postal Service made $70 million in profit from the stamp, which was retired in 2014.

Faced with a court-imposed deadline to reunite families separated at the southwest border, federal authorities are calling in volunteers to sort through records and resorting to DNA tests to match children with parents. And they acknowledged for the first time Thursday that of the nearly 3,000 children who are still in federal custody, about 100 are under the age of 5.
The family separations, part of an aggressive effort by the Trump administration to deter illegal immigration, have produced a chaotic scramble as officials now face political and judicial pressure to reunite families.
Records linking children to their parents have disappeared, and in some cases have been destroyed, according to two officials of the Department of Homeland Security, leaving the authorities struggling to identify connections between family members.
The effort is complicated by the fact that two federal agencies are involved in detaining and sheltering migrants, and they did not initially share records with each other. On Friday, the leadership of the Department of Health and Human Services, which shelters the children and must now undertake reunifications, sent out a plea to federal public health workers for help with an exhaustive manual search of records.

In the lead-up to Independence Day, Oregon state Rep. Janelle Bynum — a black woman — was out canvassing her constituents in Clackamas, as she is up for re-election this fall.
But according to Bynum, her door-to-door stops raised alarm bells for someone, who called the police.
OregonLive reported that Bynum was typing notes on her cellphone when a Clackamas County sheriff's deputy pulled up and asked if she was selling something. She introduced herself and the two sorted the situation out.
"It was just bizarre," Bynum told OregonLive. "It boils down to people not knowing their neighbors and people having a sense of fear in their neighborhoods, which is kind of my job to help eradicate. But at the end of the day, it's important for people to feel like they can talk to each other to help minimize misunderstandings."
The state legislator shared her experience in a Facebook post that included a photo of her with the sheriff's deputy who responded to the call.
"I asked to meet my constituent who thought I was suspicious, but she was on the road by then," she wrote. "The officer called her, we talked and she did apologize."

President Donald Trump’s crankier tweets often give off a “you kids get off my lawn” vibe, but he actually went there in one angry post on Thursday.
It was part of a series of tweets in which he griped about pesky things like due process for asylum seekers.
In the first tweet, Trump called current immigration laws “insane,” ignoring that they are following the rules set down in the Constitution.
In the next one, Trump went into literal “get off my lawn” mode.
As you can probably guess, many Twitter users had a serious problem with his comments.
Some tried to use logic and reasoning. 
Some just point out the falsity of Trump’s comments.
One person argued that Trump’s tweet proves he has no desire to do the No. 1 job of the presidency: defend the Constitution.

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo laughed Friday when asked whether he planned to present Kim Jong Un with a CD of the Elton John hit "Rocket Man."
It was one of the more left-field questions posed by reporters after he landed in North Korea, a trip designed to "fill in some details" on the denuclearization agreement signed by Kim and President Donald Trump last month.
The secretary of state's response neither confirmed nor denied a report in South Korea’s Chosun Ilbo newspaper that the recording was among the gifts Pompeo intended to present to Kim.
Quoting unidentified sources in Washington, the newspaper said that during their meeting last month Kim told Trump he had never heard the 1972 song that lent its name to Trump's nickname for Kim — "little rocket man" — during the height of tensions last year.
According to the newspaper, Trump signed a copy of the CD and told Pompeo to present it to Kim along with a written message. The report has not been verified by NBC News or any other media organization, and it is not clear whether Pompeo will actually meet Kim during this week's trip.

Shoko Asahara, the leader of the Japanese doomsday cult that carried out a deadly 1995 sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway system, was executed by hanging Friday along with six of his followers.
Asahara, the visually impaired, heavyset self-styled guru of Aum Shinrikyo, was sentenced to death in 2004 in part for directing Japan's deadliest terrorist attack — a complex plot that came to fruition on March 20, 1995 when cult members boarded five separate trains during morning rush hour and released the nerve agent, killing 13 commuters and sickening some 6,000 others.
The death of Asahara appeared to draw the curtain on the cult's shocking crimes, which included not only the 1995 subway attack but also a similar, smaller sarin attack the previous year along with other attacks using the deadly chemical VX.
Asahara was convicted of taking part in 13 crimes that led to the deaths of 27 people, which later became 29, according to The Japan Times.
Asahara, born as Chizuo Matsumoto, founded the group that became Aum Shinrikyo, or Supreme Truth, in 1984.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, a supporter of feminist causes, on Thursday conceded for the first time that he had apologized in 2000 to a woman who accused him of groping her but insisted he did not feel he had done anything wrong.
Trudeau, whose government is working on new legislation against workplace harassment, has faced Canadian media scrutiny in recent weeks about what happened at a charity fundraiser in Creston, British Columbia nearly 20 years ago.
In his first direct comments on the incident on Canada Day last Sunday, the prime minister said he “didn’t remember any negative interactions that day at all”, but on Thursday he said “I apologized in the moment” without giving details.
According to an unsigned editorial in 2000 in the local newspaper, the Creston Valley Advance, Trudeau apologized to a local female reporter for inappropriately “handling” her.
The allegation resurfaced last month after Canadian political commentator Warren Kinsella tweeted a picture of the 20 year old editorial and used the Twitter #MeToo hashtag.

Investigators are continuing to search for the item contaminated with the nerve agent that poisoned a couple near Salisbury.
Police believe Charlie Rowley, 45, and Dawn Sturgess, 44, from Amesbury, were exposed to Novichok after handling the unknown object.
The pair remain in a critical condition in hospital.
The item was unlikely to have been left in the open before they touched it, a government scientist has told BBC News.
BBC home affairs correspondent Daniel Sandford said the search for the item could take "weeks or months" and that no objects have yet been collected for testing.
Novichok can be degraded by rainwater and sunlight over time - meaning it was probably discovered by the pair in a contained space, the government source added.
But other experts have said the nerve agent was designed to be persistent and not break down.
Speaking to BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner, the source said the Novichok was so toxic it was able to pass through the skin and did not need to be ingested.
