
North Korea has accused the U.S. of undermining the spirit of last month’s summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un after what it says were “regrettable” talks with a delegation led by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
A statement by the North Korean Foreign Ministry, accusing the U.S. of trying to unilaterally pressure the country into abandoning its nuclear weapons, came shortly after Pompeo’s delegation left the country.
"We had expected that the U.S. side would offer constructive measures that would help build trust based on the spirit of the leaders' summit ... we were also thinking about providing reciprocal measures," Pyongyang's Foreign Ministry said in a statement, according to The Associated Press.
"However, the attitude and stance the United States showed in the first high-level meeting (between the countries) was no doubt regrettable," the spokesman said.
Pompeo had struck a different tone, telling reporters as he left that the talks with senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol had been “productive.”
"We had many hours of productive conversations,” he said. “These are complicated issues, but we made progress on almost all of the central issues. Some places a great deal of progress. Other places, there's still more work to be done.”
Pompeo did not meet with the North Korean leader while he was there, but the State Department said that there was no expectation that he would. Spokesperson Heather Nauert did say that Pompeo left a letter from Trump to Kim, but denied reports that he had also taken a CD of Elton John’s “Rocket Man” with him.North Korea has accused the U.S. of undermining the spirit of last month’s summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un after what it says were “regrettable” talks with a delegation led by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.

RESCUE operations to save the 12 boys and their soccer coach from a submerged cave in Thailand have reached the two-week mark as time - and oxygen - begins to run out. How are the boys surviving trapped in the Thailand cave?
The group of 12 young boys and their instructor became trapped in a cave in Thailand on June 23 when rainwater from a monsoon flooded the nook they were exploring.
A massive rescue operation was launched but after more than a week of searching, it seemed as though any hope of finding them alive was fading - and fast.
But as the brave teams of recovery specialists continued searching, British specialist rescue divers came upon an area of high ground, where they found all 13 of the missing people huddled on top.
The group had been missing for nine days before they were found and survived by drinking water dripping off the stalactites above them.
And now, 14 days after getting stuck in the cave system in northern Thailand, hope of getting them out is wearing thin - and so are the oxygen levels.
John Hudson, a survival instructor who created the UK Military’s survival manual, says the fundamental difference between life and death in these situations is letting someone know what you’re up to.
“If there’s any element of risk, you need to let someone know where you’re going,” he said.

President Trump is a man who judges his successes by anecdote — both real and embellished. But his trade war is turning the anecdotes against him, and there are growing signs of trouble, even as the war officially began Friday.
A poll conducted by The Washington Post and the Schar School of Policy and Government at George Mason University asked whether people felt Trump's "taxes known as tariffs" against China were a good thing or a bad thing, in light of news that China retaliated with its own tariffs on U.S. goods. Fully 56 percent of voters thought the situation was bad for U.S. jobs.
The even bigger concern, though, was about the cost of products. About three-quarters of voters — 73 percent — worried about the trade war's impact on them.
And that concern was even more pronounced in battleground House districts that will decide the 2018 election. In those districts, 78 percent said the trade war with China would be bad for the price of products. And even a solid majority of Republicans nationwide — 56 percent — shared this concern.
The numbers come about a week after we got the first major news about companies responding to tariffs, which have also been applied to Canada, Mexico and the European Union. So far, a major American nail company, Mid-Continent Nail of Missouri, laid off 60 employees and is facing its potential demise by the end of summer. Then came the more prominent case of Harley-Davidson, the motorcycle manufacturer that said it would move more of its production overseas in the face of the E.U.'s retaliatory tariffs. Now BMW and General Motors are warning about rising automobile prices, Volvo may cancel 4,000 expected new jobs in South Carolina, and polysilicon manufacturer REC S

On this much police and activist South Side priest Michael Pfleger can agree: Saturday morning’s anti-violence march on the Dan Ryan Expressway is all about danger.
Pfleger — and perhaps hundreds of others — plan to shut down traffic on the expressway to send a message: Elected leaders must fix neighborhood schools and create better job prospects to supplant the violence plaguing some pockets of the city. In 2016, gun violence reached levels that had not been seen in 20 years, according to data kept by the Tribune. And while the number of shootings victims has decreased since then, it’s still higher than 2015 and 2014.
“We’re still on target to go,” Pfleger told the Tribune Thursday. “I can’t predict anything right now, but we’re taking a page from the civil rights movement. When nothing else was working, civil disobedience is what eventually made authorities and the government listen.”
Law enforcement officials have asked Pfleger to reconsider, saying the protesters are putting their lives on the line by walking onto a busy expressway. In fact, Illinois State police troopers, who have jurisdiction over Chicago expressways, will try to stop protesters from getting on the Dan Ryan — and arrests will be made, if necessary.
“If people break the law, we may have to arrest people. But that’s not what our goal is here,” Illinois State Police Director Leo Schmitz said at a news conference earlier this week, adding: “Our goal is to save lives, whether it be the young children or people in the city or motorists. We just don’t want anybody to get hurt.”

One moment from a status conference in the ACLU’s lawsuit on behalf of families that had been separated by the Trump administration went a bit viral on Friday. It occurred when a government attorney mentioned that she had dogsitting responsibilities in Colorado after both lawyers were reportedly asked by the judge where they would be for the weekend.
Despite one report to the contrary, that moment seems to have had no substantive effect on the case itself. But there were other important takeways from the latest hearing in Ms. L v. ICE, the case that resulted in a nationwide injunction blocking further family separations and demanding urgent reunifications.
The hearing was for the court to get an update on the status of those reunifications and for the judge to respond to the government’s request for an extension. Judge Dana Sabraw—a George W. Bush appointee—had mandated in a June 26 ruling that the government reunite children younger than 5 with their parents within 14 days and children older than 5 within 30 days.
The deadline for that younger group, which includes children the government has dubbed “tender age,” is coming up next week. The government says it won’t be able to meet that deadline, and is also requesting to stick to internal Department of Health and Human Services protocols that could lengthen the amount of time until these children are returned to their parents.*
Judge Sabraw gave the government until Saturday at 5 p.m. to offer the ACLU a list of all of the children younger than 5 who it has identified as having been separated. From there, the government is supposed to identify any cases where it thinks a reunification might be delayed and explain those cases to the judge in a new hearing on Monday. The judge did not rule on whether he would grant the government a reunification extension, but it reportedly appeared as though he might consider doing so on a case-by-case basis on Monday.

We now have two simultaneous tropical cyclones in the Atlantic, Hurricane Beryl east of the Lesser Antilles and newly minted Tropical Depression Three just off the Carolina coast. Elsewhere we will be monitoring a series of tropical waves as they move off the African coast over the next several days.
Beryl strengthened into the first hurricane of the 2018 Atlantic Hurricane Season early this morning and has shown an eye from time to tim. Beryl is a small, compact hurricane, and tropical systems such as these often show a great amount of sensitivity to environmental conditions. As such, the intensity forecast is somewhat problematic in that warm water and low wind shear are favorable for intensification while drier air ahead of the system will have the opposite effect.
Tropical Storm Beryl was upgraded Friday to become the first hurricane of the season. Here's a look at all the names that will be used for storms this year.
How these factors come into balance will be crucial in determining how strong Beryl is when it moves through the Lesser Antilles Sunday afternoon into Sunday night. Wind shear will increase later Saturday into Sunday, and Beryl will begin weakening before making a potential landfall. The system is forecast to be close to hurricane strength when moving through the region.

Vice President Pence on Friday hailed the work of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), delivering at its headquarters a vigorous defense of the agency — and a warning to Democratic critics calling to abolish the office altogether.
Pence hammered the Democrats seeking to dismantle the 15-year-old agency, warning that such a move would only empower violent criminals, including members of the MS-13 gang, at the expense of public safety. 
“Calls to abolish ICE are not just outrageous, they’re irresponsible,” Pence said.
“The heroes of ICE are being attacked and demonized for the work that you do at an unprecedented rate in recent weeks,” he told the audience of ICE agents and officials. 
“The American people have every right to engage in peaceful protest. But these threats against ICE officers and their families must stop, and they must stop now.”
Created in 2003, ICE has long been a target of immigrant rights advocates and liberal Democrats, who contend the agency is little more than a militarized deportation force that too often ignores the human component of immigration policy. Those voices have crescendoed in recent weeks, following the shocking primary defeat of Rep. Joseph Crowley (D-N.Y.) to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a young Hispanic activist who made the elimination of ICE — and the reallocation of its duties — a central component of her campaign.

Leandra English, the Deputy Director of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) who has sued President Donald Trump is stepping down from her position early next week after the recent nomination of a new director.
“Now that Trump has decided to seek Senate confirmation of a new director for the independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, English is stepping down and we intend to file court papers on Monday to bring the litigation to a close,” English’s attorney Deepak Gupta said in a tweet .
Last November English filed a lawsuit seeking to have herself acknowledged as Acting Director of the CFPB.
English, who served as the CFPB’s chief of staff, was elevated to Deputy Director by Richard Cordray, shortly before he resigned as the Director of the bureau.
Last month the Trump administration said it would nominate Kathy Kraninger, an official from the White House Office of Management and Budget, to serve as the next director of the CFPB.
Kraninger would succeed her current boss, the interim head of the CFPB, Mick Mulvaney, if the U.S. Senate confirms the nomination.

The bodies of Ryker Gamble, Alexey Lyakh and Megan Scraper were pulled from the waters of Shannon Falls, just north of Vancouver, on Tuesday.
Ryker Gamble, a popular YouTube travel and adventure video-blogger, and two fellow vloggers with the High on Life extreme travel channel, Alexey Lyakh and Megan Scraper, died on Tuesday after a waterfall swimming accident just north of Vancouver.
A spokesperson for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter that three bodies were pulled from Shannon Falls after a swimming mishap. The RCMP and the B.C. Coroner's Office declined to identify the deceased trio after their families requested privacy.
But, on Friday, other members of the High on Life YouTube channel posted a tribute video for Gamble, Lyakh and Scraper, as they mourned "three very dear friends of ours."
"There are truly no words that can be said to ease the pain and the devastation that we’re all going through right now. They were three of the warmest, kindest, most driven and outgoing people that you could ever meet, and the world has lost a great deal of light with their passing. They lived every single day to its fullest," the tribute video participants stated.
Gamble and Lyakh, both 30, died after they jumped into Shannon Falls to save Scraper, 29, after she apparently slipped and fell into a fast-current pool of water. The B.C. Coroner's Office is investigating whether the trio were filming a scene for their High on Life channel just before the waterfall mishap occurred.

Flooding and landslides have killed at least 38 people and left dozens missing in western areas of Japan.
Most of the deaths have occurred in Hiroshima prefecture, which has been hit by torrential rain since Thursday. Hundreds of homes have been damaged.
About 1.5 million people have been ordered to leave their homes and three million more advised to do so.
Thousands of police, firefighters and soldiers are taking part in search-and-rescue operations.
Some of the victims have been buried alive by landslides, Japan's Kyodo news agency reports.
In the town of Motoyama, about 600km (370 miles) west of the capital Tokyo, 583mm (23in) of rain fell between Friday morning and Saturday morning, Japan's meteorological agency said.
More rain is expected over the next few days.
Kyoto, about 300km to the east of Hiroshima, has also been hit by downpours. Local resident Manabu Takeshita told the Japan Times website: "Anybody living near the river has got to be nervous because typhoon season is just really starting."

Iran said Saturday it executed eight people convicted in the 2017 Islamic State group attack on parliament and the shrine of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in Tehran.
The June 7, 2017 attack has so far been the only assault by the Sunni extremists inside of Shiite Iran, which has been deeply involved in the wars in Iraq and Syria where the militants once held vast territory.
The judiciary's official Mizan news agency and semi-official news agencies in Iran acknowledged the executions Saturday, but did not say when they took place. Executions in Iran are carried out by hangings.
While Iran is one of the world's top enforcers of the death penalty, such mass executions are rare. In August 2016, human rights activists criticized Iran for carrying out the mass execution of 20 Sunni militants from a group identified as Jihad and Tawhid after a six-year trial. In August 2007, Iran hanged seven men convicted of rape in Mashhad at the same time.
Mizan noted in its report that the executions came after the eight men had been tried and convicted in a trial that included both eyewitness testimony and video footage showing their involvement.
"These eight worked directly ... in martyring and wounding a number of innocent compatriots," Mizan said.
The news agencies on Saturday named those executed as Soleiman Mozafari, Esmail Sufi, Rahman Behrouz, Majed Mortezai, Sirous Azizi, Ayoub Esmaili, Khosro Ramezani and Osman Behrouz.
The Islamic State attack killed at least 18 people and wounded more than 50. It saw gunmen carrying Kalashnikov assault rifles and explosives storm the parliament complex where a legislative session had been in progress, starting an hourslong siege.

The security advisers for President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said Friday that amnesty legislation aimed at lessening violence will be developed with the input of crime victims and presented to Mexico's congress.
Alfonso Durazo, proposed as the new administration's public security minister, said the amnesty law would be part of a "Mexican recipe for peace." Amnesty would not be given at the discretion of the president, he said. Congress will have the final word.
"The objective of this law is to bring youth who for various reasons of economic survival, extortion, pressure from organized crime are (working) in the illegal into the legal," Durazo said. There could be hundreds of thousands of youth working as lookouts for organized crime, he said. "We have to give them a way out."
Lopez Obrador's opponents attacked him throughout the campaign about the amnesty idea, but he won a landslide election victory July 1 and will take office Dec. 1. He met with the security members of his proposed Cabinet on Friday.
Olga Sanchez, the proposed interior secretary, said the president-elect had made clear that Mexico's runaway violence will not be addressed with more violence. She also mentioned the possibility of reducing some criminal penalties without providing more detail.
Mexico is on pace to have more killings in 2018 than in any other year in at least the past two decades. More than 200,000 people have been slain since the country began waging a war on drug cartels when President Felipe Calderon took office in late 2006.
Lorreta Ortiz, Lopez Obrador's human rights adviser, said the new administration will immediately begin holding citizen forums and knocking on doors around the country to gather input that can be used to develop amnesty legislation.
