
Four more members of a youth soccer team were pulled from a flooded cave in a second round of rescue operations in Thailand on Monday. The 12 boys and their coach were trapped in the cave for two weeks.
Four were rescued over the weekend. On Monday, four more were rushed to a hospital.
The new stage started around 11 a.m. local time (midnight ET), and operations halted at night, a source confirmed to CBS News. Four boys and their coach remained inside the cave.
The boys, ages 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach became stranded when they went exploring inside after a practice game. Monsoon flooding blocked off their escape and prevented rescuers from finding them for almost 10 days.
The four who were rescued previously were taken to a hospital in Chiang Rai for evaluation. Two divers were assigned to each child to help them navigate the dangerous, narrow passageways. It could take two to four days complete the mission, officials said.
On Friday, the death of a former Thai navy SEAL underscored the risks. The diver, the first fatality of the rescue effort, was working in a volunteer capacity and died on a mission to place oxygen canisters along the route.
Chiang Rai acting Gov. Narongsak Osottanakorn said Saturday that mild weather and falling water levels in recent days had created the "perfect" conditions for an underwater evacuation. Those conditions won't last if the rain resumes, he said.
Heavy rain started falling as soon as the four were removed from the cave. Narongsak said experts told him the new rain could shrink the unflooded space where the boys are sheltering to 108 square feet.

Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson quit on Monday over Prime Minister Theresa May's plans to leave the European Union, the second resignation in a day leaving the British leader's Brexit plans all but in tatters.
After a day when the foreign secretary cancelled meetings for crisis talks at his official residence in central London, Johnson decided to walk from his job - just hours after May's Brexit minister David Davis did the same in protest at her plans.
The two resignations leave May badly exposed at the top of a government unable to unite over Britain's biggest foreign and trading policy shift in almost half a decade.
It also puts a question mark over whether the leader will try to weather it and stand firm in her commitment to pursue a "business friendly" Brexit, or will be faced with more resignations and calls to quit herself.
"This afternoon, the Prime Minister accepted the resignation of Boris Johnson as Foreign Secretary," May's spokesman said in a statement. "His replacement will be announced shortly. The Prime Minister thanks Boris for his work."
The departures raise the stakes for May, who secured a hard-won agreement with her deeply divided cabinet of ministers on Friday to keep the closest possible trading ties with the EU.
Many eurosceptics are angry, saying the agreed strategy betrays her promise for a clean break with the EU, raising the prospect that some could try to unseat her.

The deadly Klamathon Fire continued to devour acreage Sunday, crossing the Oregon-California border as it tore through 30,500 acres and threatened hundreds of homes, fire officials said.
The fire was 25 percent contained but continued to spread into the Klamath National Forest, Horseshoe Ranch Wildlife Area and private timber lands. Erratic winds and dry vegetation are driving the fire’s growth, officials said. Fire crews completed containment lines on the southern portion of the fire. Steep, thickly wooded terrain proved a challenge for crews working around the clock on the western and southeastern portions of the blaze, officials said.
“The conditions are a little less smoky and the sun is coming in a little more, but the downside to that is that the fire behavior is more active,” said Cheryl Buliavac, a spokeswoman for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection. “Having the visibility, we’re able to get aircraft in there.”
The blaze threatened more than 600 homes in Hilt and Hornbrook (Siskiyou County), where the fire broke out Thursday, and Colestin, Ore., authorities said. The water systems that serve Yreka and Hornbrook were at risk, as well as threatened and endangered species habitats in the Cascade-Siskiyou National Monument.
A resident of Hornbrook was killed in the blaze, the state’s first fire fatality of the year. The person has not been identified. Three firefighters also have been injured, but their injuries were non-life-threatening, said Toni Davis, a spokeswoman for Cal Fire.

Police have launched a murder inquiry after a woman exposed to the nerve agent Novichok in Wiltshire died.
Dawn Sturgess, 44, died in hospital on Sunday evening after falling ill on 30 June.
Charlie Rowley, 45, who was also exposed to the nerve agent in Amesbury, remains critically ill in hospital.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russia was "deeply concerned" about the incident - but said accusations that it was involved are "absurd".
The UK government previously blamed Russia for the poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia with Novichok in Salisbury in March. Russian authorities denied any involvement in the poisoning.
Investigators say the possibility that the two cases are linked is a "clear line of inquiry".
Theresa May said she was "appalled and shocked" by the death of mother of three Ms Sturgess, from Durrington.
Home Secretary Sajid Javid will chair a meeting of the government's emergency committee Cobra later today.
A post-mortem examination of Ms Sturgess is due to take place and her family has been informed, police said.

“Auntie, I’m alone.”
That’s what stricken wife and mom Mary Rose Ballocanag of New Jersey said to her aunt in their first conversation since a wrong-way driver killed the 53-year-old nurse’s husband and four daughters in a horrific crash in Delaware, the relative said Sunday.
Ballocanag of Teaneck said she was dozing peacefully in the front passenger seat of the family’s minivan as they drove home along Route 1 Friday afternoon from a Fourth of July vacation in Ocean City, Md., according to her aunt, Lydia Agas.
She was jolted awake into a nightmare: her husband slumped lifelessly behind the wheel, his head resting on her chest, Ballocanag told Agas.
Their minivan had been hit head-on by a Ford F-350 pickup truck that had veered from the southbound lane, across the grassy median, and into the northbound lane, cops said.
Ballocanag’s 61-year-old husband, Audie Maniquis Trinidad, and their daughters — Kaitlyn, 20; Danna, 17; and twin 14-year-olds, Melissa and Allison — were all killed, officials said.
The driver of the pickup truck — named by cops on Sunday as Alvin S. Hubbard Jr., 44 — and his unidentified 30-year-old male passenger were treated for minor injuries and released, cops said.

Former Hillary Clinton aide Philippe Reines tweeted contact information for a bookstore that called police on a person yelling at former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who was shopping at the store.
Reines said Sunday he was "providing a service to the public." He shared Black Swan Books' address, phone number and email address in a tweet that has since garnered more than 2,500 retweets. Some have criticized the tweet, suggesting it will promote harassment. 
Saturday, Nick Cooke, owner of Black Swan Books in Richmond, Virginia, called 911 after a woman confronted Bannon and called him “a piece of trash,” the Richmond Times-Dispatch reports. The person also "repeatedly shouted obscenities" at Bannon, Cooke said in a statement posted to the bookstore's website. 
“Steve Bannon was simply standing, looking at books, minding his own business. I asked her to leave, and she wouldn’t. And I said, ‘I’m going to call the police if you don’t,’ and I went to call the police and she left,” Cooke told the Times-Dispatch. 
The Richmond Police Department confirmed to the Times-Dispatch that a 911 call was made Saturday afternoon but said it was canceled before officers responded.

A 92-year-old man has been hospitalized following an alleged beating by a brick-wielding woman and several others in a brutal attack that occurred on July 4, according to the Sacramento Bee.
Rodolfo Rodriguez was on his daily walk near his home in South Los Angeles when he accidentally bumped into a young girl while trying to pass her on the sidewalk. The child’s mother allegedly erupted by shoving him to the ground and smashing his head with a brick.
The horrific incident, which also included four men kicking and cursing the elderly man, was captured by a bystander who called the police.
Rodriguez suffered a broken cheekbone and two broken ribs, in addition to facial injuries. He remains hospitalized according to KABC.
None of the attackers have been identified and the investigation is ongoing.
A GoFundMe account has been established to help pay Rodriguez’s medical costs.
The drive had raised more than $29,000 of its original $15,000 goal by Monday morning.

Michael Cohen’s new attorney came out firing Monday against President Donald Trump and his personal attorney Rudy Giuliani, challenging Giuliani over a recent interview and claiming that the president and his lawyer together calling for the truth was an “oxymoron.”
Lanny Davis, who previously worked for President Bill Clinton’s administration and has staunchly defended Hillary Clinton following her 2016 loss to Trump, attacked Giuliani’s call on Sunday for Cohen to cooperate with federal prosecutors and tell “the truth.”
Davis was referring to Giuliani’s appearance on ABC's This Week With George Stephanopoulos. "Michael Cohen should cooperate with the government," Giuliani said.
And when Giuliani was pressed about whether he had “concerns” about what Cohen could tell investigators, he stated firmly that he had none.
"Zero. None," Giuliani said. "As long as he tells the truth, we're home free."

NATO leaders are hoping their summit in Brussels this week will not suffer the same fate as last month's G-7 meeting, which unraveled over trade disputes with President Trump.
"They are still licking their wounds from what happened at the G-7," said Julie Smith, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security. "They're looking for an opportunity to kind of put forward a counter-narrative that the transatlantic partners are united."
But with tensions still running high between the U.S. and its allies, unity may be hard to come by.
Trump will travel to Brussels for the NATO meeting on Tuesday.
The G-7 summit ended with Trump lashing out at the other members and threatening to stop all trade with them if they didn't change their practices.
Trump ultimately refused to sign on to a joint agreement with the group because he was unhappy with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's comments at a closing press conference.
The row at the G-7 was followed by Trump's historic meeting with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. Trump's praise of Kim after those talks stood in stark contrast to the harsh rhetoric he directed to Trudeau and the other G7 leaders.
Trump argues Europe and Canada are taking advantage of the United States and NATO is a part of that problem. He says the United States is shouldering too much of the defense burden for the alliance.

For decades it was seen as too politically risky, but this midterm cycle a growing number of Democratic candidates have begun openly criticizing some of Israel’s policies.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the first-time candidate who upset 10-term incumbent Rep. Joseph Crowley in last month’s Democratic primary, incorporated criticism of Israel’s actions into her campaign, condemning what she called a recent “massacre” in Gaza and calling on more Democrats to focus on the struggle of Palestinians.
“There is no justification. Palestinian people deserve basic human dignity, as anyone else. Democrats can’t be silent about this anymore,” Ocasio-Cortez tweeted in May.
In 2018 alone, more than 100 Palestinians have been killed during clashes with Israel’s security forces. In May, at least 58 protesters were killed demonstrating against the U.S. opening a new embassy in Jerusalem.
Ocasio-Cortez's tweet drew the type of condemnation and backlash that politicians could expect whenever saying anything negative about Israel. The Republican Jewish Coalition, for instance, immediately took a shot at Ocasio-Cortez, calling her victory “a harbinger of the decline of Democrats’ support for Israel.”

At least 100 people are thought to have died after record rainfall caused flooding and landslides in western Japan, a government spokesman says.
Dozens more are reported to be missing and electricity supplies have been hit.
Since Thursday, parts of western Japan have received three times the usual rainfall for the whole of July. Two million people have been ordered to evacuate as rivers burst their banks.
"We've never experienced this kind of rain before," a weather official said.
Rescuers restarted their search through the mud for any survivors or the bodies of those killed on Monday morning.
An official in Okayama prefecture told AFP news agency that water levels were gradually receding and that emergency teams may be able to access the worst-hit areas on foot.
Tens of thousands of rescuers, including police and soldiers, are taking part in search operations
The heavy rains began with a typhoon last week that was followed by days of record-breaking torrential rain.
In the town of Motoyama, on Shikoku island, 583mm (23in) of rain fell between Friday morning and Saturday morning.

A judge in Myanmar ruled on Monday that two jailed Reuters reporters would face trial, a decision widely seen as a setback for free speech in a country led by the onetime democracy icon Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
The judge’s decision to charge the reporters with obtaining state secrets dashed any lingering hope that the reporters might be freed without having to go on trial. The reporters, U Wa Lone, 32, and U Kyaw Soe Oo, 28, face up to 14 years in prison under Myanmar’s colonial-era Official Secrets Act, and their case had been in a pretrial phase since their arrest in December.
Monday’s ruling will almost certainly provoke further international condemnation of Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate whose government took over from a repressive military junta, but who has herself been widely accused of failing to protect domestic press freedoms or to stop the ethnic cleansing of the country’s Rohingya Muslim minority.
In a statement on Monday, Stephen J. Adler, the president and editor in chief of Reuters, called the case against the reporters a “protracted and baseless proceeding,” adding that the decision “casts serious doubt on Myanmar’s commitment to press freedom and the rule of law.”
“These Reuters journalists were doing their jobs in an independent and impartial way, and there are no facts or evidence to suggest that they’ve done anything wrong or broken any law,” Mr. Adler said in the statement. “They should be released and reunited with their families, friends, and colleagues.”
