
Rescuers in Thailand were no closer on Thursday to deciding when and how to extract 12 boys and their soccer coach from a flooded cave complex, where they were found this week, hungry and frail but otherwise in good health, after nine days lost underground.
The search and rescue operation for the junior soccer team, who disappeared in the cave in the northern province of Chiang Rai on June 23, had seemed to be nearing an end when British and Thai divers found the boys late on Monday, huddled on a small, muddy bank in a flooded chamber.
But rescuers now have to figure out how to get them out, through several kilometers of dangerously flooded tunnels, or even to attempt to bring them out for now.
One possibility is that the 13 stay put in the Tham Luang cave until the flood waters recede, at the end of the rainy season in about four months.
But some officials say the boys could be out in days if the weather is on their side and enough water can be pumped out of the cave network to enable the boys to get out the same way they got in, just before heavy downpours hit the region, on foot through muddy tunnels, perhaps with some swimming.
A third option would be to teach the boys to use scuba gear, and they then dive through the flooded tunnels, the way their rescuers reached them. A fourth possibility would be to find an alternative way into their chamber.

President Donald Trump is preparing to slap tariffs on Chinese goods early Friday, the first shot in a trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.
Tariffs on $34 billion of Chinese goods are scheduled to take effect at 12:01 a.m. in Washington, the U.S. Trade Representative confirmed in an email Thursday. The milestone marks a new and damaging phase in a conflict that has roiled markets and cast a shadow over the global growth outlook.
In Beijing, policy makers are digging in for what could be a protracted fight -- one in which they say they won’t be the aggressor. Beijing has said retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods ranging from soybeans to pork will go into effect immediately after the U.S. acts.
With further tit-for-tat levies already threatened between the U.S. and China, some investors are concerned this week may mark the start of a trade war that spreads globally. Trump has already imposed tariffs on imported steel, aluminum, solar panels and washing machines.
As the deadline approached with little sign of a last-minute deal, U.S. stocks pared gains. The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index was up 0.3 percent at 11:15 a.m. in New York, after earlier rising as much as 0.6 percent.
The looming tariffs have prompted central bank officials to try to reassure investors. The European Union has taken a firm stance ahead of the escalation, with Bank of England Governor Mark Carney saying that the rise of protectionism will affect trade flows and push up import costs.

Activists in two separate protests against the Trump administration's immigration policies were arrested at the Statue of Liberty on Wednesday — one group unfurling a banner calling for the abolition of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, while in another act of defiance, a woman climbed the statue's base to protest immigrant family separations.
Authorities evacuated thousands of visitors from Liberty Island, where the statue stands, after a woman climbed to the statue's base around 3 p.m. and remained for several hours before police took her into custody.
About 4,500 tourists were forced off the island when officials closed it, according to The New York Times, which said more than 20,000 tourists visit the Statue of Liberty every Fourth of July.
Media reports identify the woman as Therese Okoumou. Video shows her walking, sitting and lying down on different parts of the statue's base near the foot and robes. Two officers attached to ropes finally walked onto the base around 6:15 p.m. and led her to a ladder, where she climbed to the observation deck about 25 feet below.
NYPD Detective Brian Glacken told reporters the woman told them she was protesting the situation of "the children in Texas."

A pile of pending lawsuits over Donald Trump's personal and business conduct could put his nominee to the Supreme Court in an awkward position: deciding whether to cast potentially pivotal votes on legal matters of keen importance to the president.
Virtually all justices wind up ruling on policy issues affecting the president who appointed them. But Trump is enmeshed in more than half a dozen significant court cases involving everything from his alleged sexual behavior before taking office to claims that his businesses are profiting from his presidency and allegations that he misused funds through his charitable foundation.
In addition, the Supreme Court could be asked to rule on other legal questions critical to the president, such as whether Robert Mueller's probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election was legally authorized or whether Trump has the authority to dismiss the special prosecutor.
The legal pressure Trump faces on many fronts is likely to spill into the confirmation hearings for his nominee — whom he is expected to name next week to replace retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy, long seen as the court's swing vote — as senators seek to use the high-profile platform to publicize the unusual legal predicaments.
"Senators are going to ask the nominee about this. There's no question about it," said Josh Blackman, a professor at South Texas College of Law. "The big one, I think, is the question of what happens if Trump decided to fire Mueller."

 A growing wildfire destroyed more than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains, while other blazes across the parched American West kept hundreds of other homes under evacuation orders and derailed holiday plans.
Authorities announced late Monday that a fire near Fort Garland, about 205 miles southwest of Denver, had destroyed 104 homes in a mountain housing development started by multimillionaire publisher Malcolm Forbes in the 1970s. The damage toll could rise because the burn area is still being surveyed.
Tamara Estes' family cabin, which her parents built in 1963 using wood and rocks from the land, was among the homes destroyed.
"I think it's sinking in more now. But we're just crying," she said. "My grandmother's antique dining table and her hutch are gone."
"It was a sacred place to us," she added.
Andy and Robyn Kuehler watched flames approach their cabin via surveillance video from their primary residence in Nebraska.
"We just got confirmation last night that the house was completely gone. It's ... a very sickening feeling watching the fire coming towards the house," the couple wrote in an email Tuesday.
The blaze, known as the Spring Fire, is one of six large wildfires burning in Colorado and is the largest at 123 square miles — about five times the size of Manhattan.

President Donald Trump demanded on Thursday that Congress pass laws allowing undocumented immigrants and asylum-seekers to be deported without due process, which he characterized as a “long and costly” process that the U.S. is foolish to carry out.
“Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane,” the president wrote on Twitter Thursday morning in a pair of posts. “When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our country being forced to endure a long and costly trial.”
“Tell the people ‘OUT,’ and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn,” he continued. “Hiring thousands of ‘judges’ does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!”

What happened at Donald Trump’s inauguration 18 months ago, and why does special counsel Robert Mueller appear to be so interested in it?
Last week, ABC News’s Matthew Mosk and John Santucci reported that several wealthy Russians were “granted unusual access” to Trump inauguration parties back in January 2017 — and that Mueller was seeking to find out why.
This isn’t the first time we’ve heard of Mueller’s interest in the inauguration. Back in April, CNN reported that the special counsel was investigating “whether wealthy Russians illegally funneled cash donations directly or indirectly into Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and inauguration” — and had even questioned some oligarchs directly.
These reports have broken in the months since former Trump aide Rick Gates agreed to a plea deal with Mueller’s team in exchange for his cooperation. That may not be a coincidence — Gates was heavily involved in planning the inauguration, with a Yahoo News report in 2016 calling him the “shadow chair” of the event.
Yet beyond just Russia, there have long been serious questions about the money behind Trump’s inauguration — and where, exactly, it went. Trump’s inaugural committee raised a truly astonishing $106.7 million, double the previous record set by Barack Obama’s 2009 inaugural. But what they did with it isn’t so clear.
In a report for ProPublica and WNYC by Ilya Marritz earlier this year, the chair of George W. Bush’s second inauguration, Greg Jenkins, said he was baffled. “They had a third of the staff and a quarter of the events and they raise at least twice as much as we did,” he said. “So there’s the obvious question: Where did it go? I don’t know.”

Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) claims he is being “bullied” by former Ohio State wrestlers who accuse the congressman of turning a blind eye to the sexual abuse of hundreds of student athletes while he worked as the assistant wrestling coach from 1986 to 1994.
According to a CNN report Wednesday, Jordan will contact the Capitol police after receiving emails from one of the wrestlers who has accused Jordan of doing nothing about the sexual abuse by the team doctor, Dr. Richard Strauss.
A source in Jordan’s office told CNN that the emails were threatening because of how many had been sent but provided no other details about why the congressman believes he is being “bullied.”
CNN did report that emails between Ohio State wrestler Michael DiSabato and the congressman obtained by CNN show DiSabato sent Jordan an email on April 24 expressing concerns about the sexual abuse scandal, and asked Jordan to help given his knowledge of it. DiSabato told CNN there was no response.
CNN reported that DiSabato has been sending emails for “months” and Jordan didn’t respond because he didn’t want to “encourage the behavior.”

When Donald Trump visits Britain next week, Prime Minister Theresa May will have to face a harsh reality: Brexit makes Britain more dependent than ever on an alliance with the most unpredictable U.S. president in living memory.
Sandwiched between a NATO meeting and a summit with Russia’s Vladimir Putin, Trump’s first visit to Britain as president comes at one of the most important junctures for Europe and the West since the 1991 fall of the Soviet Union.
From challenging Western assumptions about the EU and free trade to courting the Kremlin and North Korea’s leader, Trump has delivered on his promise of an “unpredictable” U.S. foreign policy.
That leaves May, who held hands with Trump at the White House during her visit after his inauguration, in a difficult position as she seeks closer trade ties with the United States to offset the disruption of leaving the EU on March 29, 2019.(For a graphic of trips by UK and US leaders click tmsnrt.rs/2No3omh)
“The irony is that by leaving the EU, the United Kingdom will be less useful to Washington as an ally but it will also need the United States much more,” said Jeffrey A. Stacey, a former State Department official in Obama’s administration.

It could have been him, too, trapped in that dark flooded cave. 
Songpol Kanthawong, 13, hasn’t been able to shake off that thought since June 23, when his teammates went missing. He is part of the same soccer team, the Moo Pa or Wild Boars, whose coach and 12 members went exploring a vast cave complex in northern Thailand when rains hit, trapping them there for 12 days and counting. 
“My mother came and picked me up right after practice,” said Pone, as he is known, sitting outside a stuffy classroom at the Mae Sai Prasitsart school, where six of the 12 boys also study. “It makes me very freaked out to think that I could have gone with them.” 
Pone and other classmates of the boys describe them as adventurers who loved riding their bikes around the Doi Nang Non mountain range. They were not unfamiliar with the six-mile Tham Luang cave system, one of Thailand’s longest, having visited it several times. 
Thai authorities and a team of international experts, who hail from countries as far away as Britain and China, continue to deliberate the best way to extract the boys and their coach, none of whom can swim. The drama has riveted the country and much of the outside world, prompting heated coffee table discussions and social media chatter all over the world on ways the boys can be extracted. 

Jihadists are finding that joining ISIS is detrimental to their married lives.
A growing number of the militants’ wives are filing for divorce as the terror group is driven out of territory it once controlled across large swaths of Iraq and Syria, according to NBC News.
Iraqi Deputy Justice Minister Hussein Jassem said there has been “a huge increase” in divorce requests in the last three months — with the vast majority filed by women.
While the government has not tracked the number of ISIS-related divorces, there has been a significant increase in requests in Sunni Muslim regions, including Anbar and Nineveh where the group was strong, he said.
One of the women, Umaima, met her future hubby, Awad, 13 years ago when he was a car mechanic – but he has since traded his automotive tools for a more lethal variety as a member of ISIS.
Umaima said Awad took the plunge into ISIS in 2014, four years after Iraqi security forces accused his brother of being a jihadist and fatally tortured him.
“My husband got mad and he swore he would take revenge on his brother’s killers,” Umaima told NBC News in a phone interview from Fallujah, providing only her first name.
Awad has been arrested and faces life in prison or a death sentence if convicted.

The internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom lost another bid to avoid extradition to the United States on charges of copyright infringement and money laundering, after New Zealand’s Court of Appeal on Thursday upheld rulings allowing for his deportation.
Mr. Dotcom, an online renegade who along with three associates faces the charges relating to a defunct file-sharing website, Megaupload, plans to appeal the ruling.
His lawyer, Ira Rothken, said Mr. Dotcom would appeal to the Supreme Court, New Zealand’s highest. He added that if the court agreed to hear the case, the process could take a year.
The internet mogul was arrested in 2012 as a result of a United States Department of Justice investigation into online piracy of numerous copyrighted works, including music and films. He has been fighting extradition to the United States from New Zealand since then, and is out on bail in the country’s largest city, Auckland.
United States prosecutors say the Megaupload site cost copyright holders $500 million in damages because of illegal downloads, and that the website’s executives made $175 million for themselves by selling ads and premium subscriptions.
Mr. Dotcom is a high-profile figure in New Zealand, known for his lavish public parties and displays of wealth, and for releasing an album and bankrolling an unsuccessful political party ahead of the country’s 2014 election.
