
At least four of the 12 boys trapped in a cave in northern Thailand for nearly two weeks have been successfully rescued, the Thai navy SEALs said Sunday. Rescue officials told Reuters that the rescued boys were being treated and transported to a local hospital.
The acting Chiang Rai governor told reporters Sunday was "D-Day," with 13 foreigner and five Thai divers taking part in the rescue.
Thai officials said Saturday they are worried that heavy monsoon rain could soon make the job even more difficult and they may need to quickly rescue the boys and the soccer coach from a partially flooded cave by helping them make risky dives to safety.
Teen shares message for his teammates trapped in Thai cave
Narongsak Osottanakorn, who is in charge of the rescue mission, said Saturday conditions were currently "perfect," BBC News reports.
"Now and in the next three or four days, the conditions are perfect [for evacuation] in terms of the water, the weather and the boys' health," said Narongsak, governor of the Chiang Rai province, where the caves are.

A fire at the northern edge of California exploded overnight as firefighters mounted a pitched battle to prevent the flames from destroying more homes.
The Klamathon fire was burning in Siskiyou County near the Oregon border and has consumed 21,000 acres and destroyed 15 structures. One death has been attributed to the fire, but few details were immediately available.
Cal Fire said in a statement that “extreme fire behavior” has the blaze moving in multiple directions and that there were fears it could spread into the Klamath National Forest, the Rogue River, the Siskiyou National Forest and into Oregon.
Several communities have been evacuated and an evacuation center was set up at Jackson Street School in Yreka.

The Trump administration took another major swipe at the Affordable Care Act, halting billions of dollars in annual payments required under the law to even out the cost to insurers whose customers need expensive medical services.
In a rare Saturday afternoon announcement, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said it will stop collecting and paying out money under the ACA’s “risk adjustment” program, drawing swift protest from the health insurance industry.
Risk adjustment is one of three methods built into the 2010 health-care law to help insulate insurance companies from the ACA requirement that they accept all customers for the first time — healthy and sick — without charging more to those who need substantial care.
The other two methods were temporary, but risk adjustment is permanent. Federal health officials are required each year to calculate which insurers with relatively low-cost consumers must chip in to a fund, and which ones with more expensive customers are owed money. This idea of pooling risk has had significant practical effects: encouraging insurers to participate in the insurance marketplaces the ACA created for Americans who cannot get affordable health benefits through a job.

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo shot back at North Korean officials for characterizing American diplomatic behavior as gangster-like, saying on Sunday that if that were true, then “the world is a gangster.”
Mr. Pompeo was referring to comments made Saturday by North Korea’s Foreign Ministry that accused the Trump administration of pushing a “unilateral and gangster-like demand for denuclearization” and called it “deeply regrettable.” The statement came just hours after Mr. Pompeo left North Korea after two days of meetings that he had called “productive.”
In his remarks on Sunday, Mr. Pompeo noted that the United Nations had agreed to place sanctions on North Korea to try to stop its nuclear and missile programs, saying, “It was a unanimous decision at the U.N. Security Council about what needs to be achieved.”
Mr. Pompeo blamed the media for the stark differences in how he assessed the talks compared to how North Korea’s Foreign Ministry viewed them.
“If I paid attention to what the press said, I’d go nuts,” he said.
But in a news conference in Tokyo beside his counterparts from Japan and South Korea, Mr. Pompeo went back to stressing that economic sanctions would remain in place against North Korea until Pyongyang completely eliminated its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.

A toddler somehow got his hands on a pistol and fatally shot himself in the head in a tragic accident in Fresno, California, on Saturday.
Police told Fresno ABC station KFSN the child was in a bedroom at his home when the accidental shooting occurred. The child's parents were not home at the time, but he was being watched by family friends.
"At the time that this occurred, there were two adults inside the home with the child. Neither of them are the child's parents," Fresno Police Department Lt. Rob Beck told KFSN.
Police said it was unclear who owned the gun, whether it was the child's parents or the adults watching the child at the time.
"You're required to, if you have firearms in the home, they need to be locked and out of reach of children," Beck told KFSN.
The child was rushed to the hospital, but did not survive.

America’s generations-old battle over who gets to live in this nation of immigrants is raging anew, and the agency known as ICE has become a lightning rod. Formally US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the agency has been described as America’s Gestapo by critics, its own agents are calling to dismantle it, and some citizens and Democrats are rallying behind the hashtag #AbolishIce. At the same time, Donald Trump has hailed ICE as the only thing keeping the country from exploding into “rampant uncontrollable” crime and gang “infestation.”
No matter what side of the US immigration debate you’re on, there’s one thing that everyone can agree on: The current system is a disaster. About 11 million people live in the US without authorization, tens of thousands more try to cross the southern border illegally every month, and thousands of kids are currently in government custody without their parents. Meanwhile, the US’s immigration courts are a bureaucratic backwater, sitting on hundreds of thousands of pending asylum and refugee cases for years.
“There’s no way everyone is going to be happy with what you do,” one former top ICE executive tells Quartz, adding that his agents were expected to “treat people with respect and enforce the law.” Under Trump, however, ICE is being accused of failing even those basic functions. The #AbolishIce movement is just the loudest and latest in a long history of both Democrats and Republicans questioning ICE’s very existence.

A judge on Friday refused to grant the Trump administration a blanket extension of the deadline to reunite children separated from their parents at the border, instead acknowledging that more time may be justified only in specific cases. The administration said it needed more time to reunite 101 children under 5 years old to ensure the children's safety and to confirm their parental relationships.
"There's always going to be tension between a fast release and a safe release," said Sarah Fabian, a Justice Department attorney.
U.S. District Judge Dana Sabraw ordered the administration to share a list of the 101 children with the American Civil Liberties Union, which successfully sued to force the reunions, by Saturday afternoon. The two sides will try to determine over the weekend which cases merit a delay in an effort to present a unified front in court on Monday morning.
"The government must reunite them," the judge said. "It must comply with the time frame unless there is an articulable reason."
The administration has matched 86 parents to 83 children and 16 are not yet matched, Fabian said.

A  North Carolina man has lost his day job and pool chairmanship after an allegedly racially charged incident recorded on a cellphone Wednesday went viral. 
The Winston-Salem Police Department confirmed they received a "disturbance" call on July 4 around 1:21 pm at the Glenridge Community Swimming Pool. The caller identified himself as Adam Bloom and said he was the chairman of the pool, according to the police report. 
Officers spoke with Bloom who said he was concerned that a woman identified as Jasmine Abhulimen was using the pool without authorization to do so.
The responding officers determined during their investigation that Abhulimen did have proper access via her pool access card. The officers said no crime was committed.
Abhulimen recorded the incident on her cellphone and the video has since received national and international attention. She accused Bloom of racial profiling and said in the video that she was the only one asked to show ID. 
John Vermitsky, Adam Bloom's attorney, told the Winston-Salem Journal that Bloom confronted Abhulimen after speaking with another board member and learning of a possible discrepancy with Abhulimen's address.

Unprecedented rains that have killed at least 69 people also stranded 1,850 in the western Japanese city of Kurashiki on Sunday, including about 130 at a hospital, with rescuers using helicopters and boats after rivers surged over their banks.
Kurashiki, with a population of just under 500,000, has been hit hardest by the torrential rains that pounded some parts of western Japan, causing the highest death toll since 2014.
Scores of patients, some still in their pajamas, and nurses were rescued from the isolated Mabi Memorial Hospital in boats rowed by members of Japan’s Self Defense Forces.
“I’m most grateful to rescuers,” said Shigeyuki Asano, a 79-year-old patient who spent a night without electricity or water.
“I feel so relieved that I am now liberated from such a bad-smelling, dark place,” said Asano.
A city official said 170 patients and workers had been evacuated from the hospital and another 130 people, including 70 patients, were waiting to be rescued.

The U.S. embassy in Haiti warned Americans Saturday to shelter in place due to ongoing protests in the capital. Several airlines also canceled flights in and out of Port-au-Prince, the embassy said.
The Haitian government on Saturday suspended a fuel price hike after violence in Port-au-Prince and the northern city of Cap-Haitien. 
Prime Minister Jack Guy Lafontant had originally said the country needed to raise prices to balance the budget and gave no indication he would back down.
But his administration bowed to pressure after demonstrators took to the streets in protest.
A journalist from The Associated Press reported seeing several hundred people on Saturday attack a Best Western Premiere hotel in Petion-Ville, one of the capital's wealthiest neighborhoods. Guests were forced to remain inside as rocks were hurled through windows around 10 a.m. local time.
Security manned the building, but rioters shattered the main entrance before moving to another hotel.
No injuries or deaths were reported during the day's incidents, but at least three people were killed Friday as protesters used burning tires and barricades to block major streets. At one point they attempted to set a gas station on fire but were held off by police.

With President Trump’s promised Middle East peace plan stalled, administration officials are focusing on improving conditions in the impoverished Gaza Strip — a move that could put political pressure on Palestinian leaders to come to the negotiating table.
The larger peace proposal has been stymied by the Palestinian Authority, which would negotiate any settlement but remains incensed at Trump’s decision last year to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. A group of U.S. officials led by Jared Kushner came away from what had appeared to be a crucial trip to the region last month without breaking the impasse.
That has led U.S. officials to consider options for an infusion of development aid into Gaza, a perennial trouble spot that is controlled by Palestinian Authority rival Hamas, in hopes of relieving the humanitarian crisis there.
In doing so, the United States could demonstrate a commitment to the Palestinian people that could make it more difficult for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to continue to rebuff overtures to engage in the peace process.

Turkey's government on Sunday issued an emergency decree dismissing thousands of public servants for alleged links to terror groups.
The decree, published in the Official Gazette, sacked 18,632 civil servants, including nearly 9,000 police officers, some 6,000 members of the military and hundreds of teachers and academics. Their passports will be cancelled.
Turkey has been under a state of emergency for nearly two years, declared after a failed coup attempt in July 2016. The government blames a U.S.-based cleric for orchestrating the coup and has sacked or arrested people suspected of links to him. The cleric, Fethullah Gulen, denies the allegations. But the purge has broadened to include other "terror groups," with more than 130,000 people dismissed.
The decree is expected to be the last of a series of emergency laws as Turkey's ruling system will fully transform into an executive presidency Monday, when President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is sworn in once again following his victory in last month's elections.
Turkey enters new era with same man in charge after Erdogan election triumph
The cabinet and administrative structure will be completely revamped, coming under the authority of Erdogan.
