
President Trump threw the annual NATO summit into crisis Thursday — forcing an emergency session and suggesting the United States could leave the nearly 70-year-old alliance — before switching positions and claiming victory.
As the summit closed, the president held an unexpected news conference, taking credit for having secured firmer commitments from all 28 other member nations to increase their spending on defense.
Other leaders, however, denied that NATO members had made any significantly new commitments to spending beyond what they’d agreed to in 2014, under some pressure from President Obama.
French President Emmanuel Macron, in his own closing news conference, said NATO members had made no new commitments. He also said that Trump "never at any moment, either in public or in private, threatened to withdraw from NATO."
From Brussels, Trump headed next to Britain on a diplomatic tour that will end Monday in Helsinki, Finland, with his first official meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Before departing for London, however, he sent some undiplomatic advance signals in his news conference — calling Britain a “hotspot,” noting the resignations that have threatened Prime Minister Theresa May’s government and questioning whether her “Brexit” plan for Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union is what British voters want.

Delta Air Lines – Delta came in 5 cents a share above estimates, with adjusted second quarterly profit of $1.77 per share. The air carrier also announced the approval of a 15 percent dividend hike. Delta said its fuel bill would be higher by about $2 billion this year, but it expects to return to margin expansion by year end.
Comcast – Comcast fired the latest salvo in the bidding to buy British broadcaster Sky, with the NBCUniversal and CNBC parent raising its bid to $34 billion in cash. That tops a bid by 21st Century Fox for the portion of Sky it doesn’t already own, which had valued Sky at roughly $32 billion. Separately, Britain on Thursday cleared Fox's bid for Sky.
CA Technologies – CA agreed to be bought by chipmaker Broadcom for $44.50 per share in cash, or $18.9 billion. The price for the business software maker represents a 20 percent premium over CA’s Wednesday closing price.
Walmart – Walmart is seeking to sell Japanese supermarket chain Seiyu, according to a report in Japan’s Nikkei business daily. Walmart is said to have approached major retailers and private equity funds about a possible sale.
Papa John’s – Papa John’s founder John Schnatter resigned as chairman of the pizza chain’s board, following news that Schnatter had used a racial slur during a conference call. Schnatter admitted using inappropriate language and said racism had no place in our society.

FBI official Peter Strzok is testifying before a joint session before the House Judiciary and Oversight Committees on Thursday in what is sure to be a fiery day of questions from lawmakers. Strzok's anti-Trump text messages fueled suspicions of partisan bias over the course of the 2016 election and Hillary Clinton email investigation.
The hearing comes as congressional investigators continue to probe into Department of Justice and FBI oversight after an internal inspector general report criticized leadership at the top levels during the Clinton investigation. While the report ultimately found political bias did not affect the final conclusion of the investigation, it raised serious questions about the FBI's integrity during the contentious election.
In revelations from the report, Strzok exchanged troubling communications with a fellow FBI colleague Lisa Page in which he appeared adamant that they would "stop" then-candidate Trump from ever becoming president.
Page and Strzok both worked on the FBI investigation into Clinton's emails and, later, on special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation.
The texts, in addition to previously released exchanges, have since given ammunition to the claim from conservatives that Strzok and others in the FBI were actively working against Mr. Trump.

Adult film star Stormy Daniels was arrested during a Wednesday night performance at a strip club in Ohio, according to her lawyer, who called the arrest a "politically motivated" setup.
Daniels, who made headlines earlier this year over her claims of an alleged affair with President Donald Trump, was arrested while performing at the Sirens Gentlemen’s Club in Columbus after she allegedly allowed "a customer to touch her while on stage," her attorney, Michael Avenatti, said via Twitter early Thursday morning.
"Just [received] word that my client @StormyDaniels was arrested in Columbus Ohio [while] performing the same act she has performed across the nation at nearly a hundred strip clubs," Avenatti tweeted. "This was a setup [and] politically motivated. It reeks of desperation. We will fight all bogus charges."
ABC News reached out to Avenatti, who declined to elaborate beyond his tweets.
Daniels, whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford, allegedly touched some of the patrons' breasts and allowed them to touch her, according to court documents obtained by ABC affiliate WSYX. She allegedly performed the same act with several officers who approached the stage and forced one officer's head into her bare chest.

The federal government has quietly revived its investigation into the murder of Emmett Till, the 14-year-old African-American boy whose abduction and killing in 1955 remains among the starkest and most searing examples of racial violence in the South.
In a report submitted to Congress in late March, the Department of Justice said it had reopened its inquiry “based upon the discovery of new information,” but it did not elaborate and declined to comment further on Thursday. The government has not announced any new charges in connection with its investigation, and it is unclear whether prosecutors will ultimately be able to bring a case against anyone.
But the Justice Department’s decision to devote new attention to the case is a demonstration of how deeply the episode resonates more than 60 years after Emmett was killed in rural Mississippi and photographs of his mutilated body were published, so staggering the nation that the case is now seen as a catalyst for the civil rights movement.
Emmett was from Chicago and had been visiting relatives in the Mississippi Delta when he went into a store and encountered one of its owners, a white woman who ultimately complained that the teenager had grabbed her and made crude sexual remarks. He was kidnapped and killed days later, his body tethered to a cotton gin fan with barbed wire and then cast into a river.

Senate Democrats are in a terrible bind as they search for a strategy to block Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, who is expected to determine the ideological balance of the court for decades.
Leadership is faced with the challenge of catering to two factions in the party. On one side, red-state Democrats who are worried that opposing Kavanaugh could imperil their reelection chances in November, and with it the party’s hope of winning the majority in the Senate.
On the other, a progressive base that is demanding Democrats engage in a full-on attack, since they see President Trump’s pick as a serious threat to liberal values.
The balancing act will soon play out when Democrats decide what strategy and tactics to employ.
Senate Democratic leaders this week appeared to try to tamp down expectations of the party’s progressive base, with Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) saying the procedural options for Democrats “are not that large.”

The Trump administration Thursday said that all eligible migrant children under age 5 who were separated from their parents at the border were reunited with their families, but dozens more young kids remain separated — including some whose parents have already been deported.
“As of this morning, the initial reunifications were completed,” HHS Secretary Alex Azar, DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a joint statement. “The Trump administration does not approach this mission lightly, and we intend to continue our good faith efforts to reunify families.”
The announcement came two days after the original court-ordered deadline to reunify the families of young kids. The Trump administration is facing a 6 p.m. Thursday deadline to convince U.S. District Court Judge Dana Sabraw that it has complied with his court order.
The Trump administration said 57 of the 103 children under age 5 were eligible to be reunited with their families under the court order issued last month. However, the remaining 46 children weren't eligible because their parents failed background checks or because of other logistical barriers, including deportation, officials said. Twelve adults had been removed from the country and are still being contacted, the administration said.

Paul Manafort may be in jail, but he’s getting treated better than other inmates, according to special counsel Robert Mueller’s team, which is arguing against Manafort’s call for his trial date to be pushed back.
A Wednesday court filing from Mueller’s team describes Manafort’s living conditions at the Northern Neck Regional Jail in Warsaw, Virginia, in detail, revealing what it calls the former Trump campaign manager’s “unique privileges” behind bars to make the case that being in the rural facility hasn’t hurt his ability to prepare.
Manafort had argued that being held at the jail, about 100 miles from Washington, D.C., kept him from meeting easily with his legal team.
Since a federal judge revoked his bail last month, Manafort has lived in “a private, self-contained living unit, which is larger than other inmates’ units,” featuring amenities that include “his own bathroom and shower facility, his own personal telephone, and his own workspace to prepare for trial,” Mueller’s team wrote.
The conditions under which he’s being held are considered standard for many of the high-profile inmates housed in the jail’s VIP section because of security concerns. According to Northern Neck Superintendent Ted Hull, in the so-called VIP section, there is “no qualitative or quantitative difference” between cells and that Manafort has access to the same privileges as other VIP inmates.

The 12 boys rescued from a cave in Thailand are reported to be feeling better Thursday morning. The boys and their soccer coach have been hospitalized since their 18-day ordeal ended earlier this week and are expected to spend at least a week at the hospital, followed by 30 days at home. 
The British divers who found the boys also had a helper inside the cave: A  student who was able to take a leadership role by translating for them. Staff at his school told CBS News' Anna Werner, that's not surprising. He's a boy who has already faced significant challenges in his life and overcome them.
Teacher Kru Nice says 14-year-old Adun Sam-On has always been a leader, despite the fact he doesn't have his parents with him or even an official home. Since Adun's parents slipped him out of Myanmar eight years ago to escape the ethnic conflicts there, he's become one of many students at this school considered "stateless." He's not a citizen of any country. Yet in Thailand, Adun is a top student and a standout athlete.
Kru told us she was so worried when she learned Adun was trapped in the cave. But Adun's proficiency in languages – he speaks four – proved key inside the cave, as he acted as translator for the British divers during the complicated rescue.
They were given anti-anxiety medication to keep them calm. In some portions of the journey, the boys were put into harnesses lying down. Rescuers used a rope system and high lines to pull them through the caverns.

Amid a contentious summit with NATO leaders, President Donald Trump reportedly spent part of a dinner Wednesday night bragging to some of the United States' greatest allies about his unprecedented meeting with North Korea’s Kim Jong Un.
The president went so far as to claim his summit with Kim garnered more media attention than even the Oscars, according to The Washington Post on Thursday citing an unnamed official with knowledge of the dinner in Brussels.
The mood of the dinner was described in the report as “cordial,” despite Trump’s repeated jabs and apparent threats towards NATO over defense spending and what the president has dubbed as “burden sharing.”
Trump’s bragging about how much attention his actions have received is nothing new. He often cites crowd sizes at his rallies and uses hyperbole to describe meetings with domestic and world leaders.
Trump met with Kim in Singapore last month - the first ever event between a North Korean leader and sitting U.S. president – to negotiate the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. The pair’s first handshake generated a seemingly endless stream of camera flashes, and the same scene followed just before their discussion behind closed doors with national security adviser John Bolton and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and North Korean officials.

Prime Minister Theresa May has published her long-awaited proposal for the future relationship between the U.K. and the EU, setting out proposals for a softer Brexit than she first planned. Tory euroskeptics are furious that the plan doesn’t deliver their vision of a clean split from the EU.
Germany’s finance minister isn’t in the mood to offer the U.K. much when it comes to single market access for banks. The U.K. is hoping for a super-charged equivalence regime that would include “reciprocal and close cooperation,” according to the white paper.
Entering a meeting in Brussels with his euro-area counterparts, Olaf Scholz said “the European Union must take its own decisions, independently, within the democratic structures that we’ve established.”
But EU countries don’t all agree on this. Some countries, such as Luxembourg, want to give the U.K. a far better deal. Equivalence “needs to be widened and enhanced” for “smart access on both sides,” said Luxembourg Finance Minister Pierre Gramegna, arriving for the same meeting.
There’s also more work to be done on reaching a withdrawal agreement, warned the European Parliament’s Brexit group. That deal includes the “backstop” plan to keep the Irish border invisible.

At least 179 people have died as a result of landslides and flash flooding in Japan, as the country has been ravaged by heavy rains since last week. The death toll, which continues to rise, is the highest caused by rainfall in Japan since 1982, making this one of the deadliest natural disasters to hit the country since the 2011 earthquake and tsunami at Fukushima.
The storms started on Thursday and continued through the weekend. Some prefectures, including Hiroshima and Okayama, received more than 20 inches of rain over the weekend. Some cities were inundated on Sunday with more than 10 inches of rain in only two hours, according to the Japanese public broadcaster NHK.
More than 8 million people across the western and central regions of Japan have been ordered to evacuate their homes, and many have sought refuge in converted schools and other shelters. Those unable to leave have climbed onto rooftops as streets and buildings have flooded.
The affected region—roughly half the country—is generally considered one of the safest areas in Japan because it is protected from typhoons and is not prone to earthquakes or tsunamis. In a cruel twist of fate, some survivors of the Fukushima disaster moved to this area for their safety.
The storms have caused substantial destruction across the country. Although the government has not yet determined the full extent of the damage, as of Tuesday the Fire and Disaster Management Agency reported that 347 homes had been destroyed or nearly destroyed, and nearly 10,000 homes were flooded. These numbers are expected to rise substantially as municipal authorities finish conducting their own assessments.
