
President Trump said U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May is "doing a fantastic job" as British prime minister, and even said he apologized to her Friday morning before their meeting, after an interview published Thursday highlighted his criticism of her handling of Brexit.
"I think she's a terrific woman," he told reporters at a joint press conference Friday at the country estate of the prime minister, Chequers. The president also called the relationship between the U.S. and U.K. the "highest level of special." But Mr. Trump still thinks, as he told The Sun tabloid, that May's Conservative Party rival Boris Johnson would be a great prime minister.
According to Mr. Trump, he also did not criticize May and that reports to the contrary were "fake news."
"I didn't criticize the PM. I have a lot of respect for the PM. And unfortunately there was a story that was done, which was generally fine, but it didn't put in what I said about the PM," he said.
Mr. Trump's visit to Britain is sandwiched between the Brussels NATO summit, where he blasted allies over defense spending and trade, and ahead of his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland. Mr. Trump promised to take a firm line with Putin and tell him to stop interfering in U.S. elections.
On Friday, Mr. Trump met and dined with May, who faces her own political challenges, with just days to come up with a new plan for Brexit or face a vote of no confidence in parliament. Two top U.K. officials overseeing Brexit negotiations, including Johnson, resigned from her government earlier this week.

Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay nearly $4.7 billion in damages to 22 women and their families who say asbestos found in the company's talcum powder contributed to their ovarian cancer.
The St. Louis Circuit Court jury awarded $4.14 billion in punitive damages and $550 million in compensatory damages to the plaintiffs, who said the company failed to warn about the cancer risks.
According to MarketWatch, the punitive damages award was "the biggest single verdict in such cases so far."
In a statement on Thursday, Johnson & Johnson said it was "deeply disappointed" by the verdict and would appeal the decision.
"Johnson & Johnson remains confident that its products do not contain asbestos and do not cause ovarian cancer and intends to pursue all available appellate remedies," spokeswoman Carol Goodrich said.
"Every verdict against Johnson & Johnson in this court that has gone through the appeals process has been reversed and the multiple errors present in this trial were worse than those in the prior trials which have been reversed," she said.

The $200 billion in China tariffs proposed by President Trump could hit many companies close to home — including the one owned by his daughter.
Many of the handbags made by Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessories company are made in China and will likely face the new 10 percent tariffs if taxed like other leather bags subject to the new trade penalties, according to the list of targeted products released by the U.S. Trade Representative earlier this week. Leather handbags, like the Ivanka Trump Tribeca Box Satchel bag in dove that retails for $250, for instance, are made in China and are subject to the tax, according to the list.
Ivanka Trump’s company doesn’t disclose or discuss where it’s products are made. But its handbags, shoes and much of its apparel all carry the “Made in China label.”
The company’s practice of sourcing its goods from China stands in stark contrast to President Trump’s calls for “Made in America” and his criticism of companies like Harley Davidson, which have said they plan to produce some products overseas.
Asked for comment on whether the company supported or opposed the tariffs, or what impact the tariffs could have, a spokesperson for Ivanka Trump who asked not to be identified by name said: “The Ivanka Trump brand is held to the same standards as other companies in their category.”

Anybody watch the testimony before the House Judiciary Committee today?" Stephen Colbert asked at the top of Thursday's "Late Show," referencing their questioning of Peter Strzok, an FBI agent removed from special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation team over anti-Trump text messages he sent to his mistress and fellow government lawyer.
"It was a parliamentary smackdown," the comedian declared. "The Capitol dome turned into Thunderdome ... When Strzok went before Congress today, the heat was on. That's why we're calling our coverage the Red-Hot Congressional Strzok-Fest 2018."
In his opening statement, Strzok stressed his respect for Congress' oversight role but expressed fear that "today's hearing is just another victory notch in Vladimir Putin's belt."
Colbert disagreed, noting, "After the last two years, I'm surprised Putin has any belt left. It's all notch at this point."
He was especially amused by the parliamentary bickering that went on between committee chair and "mannequin head that makeup artists practice on" Bob Goodlatte and Democratic member Jerrold Nadler. After watching footage of their exchange, the comedian declared, "Damn, it's Robert's Rules of 'Back off (expletive) or I will cut you!'
After playing a clip of committee members rebuking Goodlatte for forbidding Strrozk to confer with FBI counsel, Colbert noted, "This is the first time I've seen Congress as frustrated with Congress as we are." 

An Arizona state lawmaker was seen telling a sheriff's deputy he sometimes drives as fast as 130 or 140 mph after he was pulled over for speeding. The deputy said in a report later that the driver claimed to have legislative immunity.
State Rep. Paul Mosley was stopped on March 27 outside of Parker, Arizona. The rural area near the California border is in Mosley's district and more than 150 miles west of the state capital in Phoenix.
A body camera video obtained by KLPZ and first published on its website ParkerLiveOnline.com shows a La Paz County Sheriff's deputy warning Mosley to slow down. Mosley was going 97 mph in a 55 mph zone on state Route 95, the news outlet reported.
Mosley then says he sometimes drives "130, 140, 120," while trying to get home to surprise his wife. He says he doesn't notice the speed because of his vehicle's nice wheels and suspension.
The deputy's written report said Mosley told him not to waste time on the incident because he has legislative immunity, KLPZ reported.
"I don't break the law because I can, but because, you know, I'm just trying to get home," Mosley says in the video.

A new 50-state breakdown of President Trump’s job approval ratings suggests he can still boost Republican candidates in key Senate races this fall.
June was Trump’s best month for approval nationally since January and his second strongest among Republicans since April 2017, according to Morning Consult. Still, the president is 7 points underwater, with a 51 percent disapproval rating, and the firm’s polling found a partisan enthusiasm gap: only 49 percent of Republicans strongly approve of Trump while 71 percent of Democrats strongly disapprove.
But the battle for control of the Senate will be fought on largely red terrain. Ten Democratic senators are running for reelection in states Trump carried in 2016, and several of them are competing where he remains popular now.
Trump’s approval rating in West Virginia stood at 60 percent in June, with 36 percent disapproving. Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin is facing Republican Attorney General Patrick Morrisey in a competitive race this fall after Trump intervened to preventing a weaker candidate from emerging out of the GOP primary.
In Montana, Trump boasted 52 percent approval to 44 percent disapproval. That’s unwelcome news for Democratic Sen. Jon Tester, who is being challenged by GOP state Auditor Matt Rosendale.

In the wake of a man berating a woman for wearing a Puerto Rican flag T-shirt at a forest preserve, Cook County officials repeatedly have reassured people that the serene expanses of woods are a safe place to go.
As part of that effort, they’ve cited the work of Forest Preserves police, saying the response of an officer who appeared to ignore a woman’s request for help shouldn’t reflect poorly on the entire department.
“The appalling incident of June 14 and the inaction of one former member of the Forest Preserves Police should not diminish the greatness of the preserves, nor dissuade people from enjoying our 70,000 acres of nature and beauty,” Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle said in a statement Thursday.
But the incident that erupted into a national story this week via a viral video posted online isn't the first time the Forest Preserve District Police Department has come under scrutiny, and it’s renewed questions about whether the police force is necessary. Some critics say the department is a redundant use of taxpayer funds and question whether its duties should be taken over by Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart’s office.
During a budget fight last October after the county’s controversial soda pop tax was repealed, Dart said he could absorb the police force’s responsibilities with minimal if any expansion of his ranks, reducing taxpayer costs by $9.5 million.

A 2017 book that revealed lies by a key figure in the Emmett Till case has prompted the U.S government to renew its investigation into the brutal 1955 slaying, a federal official said Thursday.
The reopening of the case had stayed quiet until the contents of a federal report came to light earlier in the day. Till relatives and social justice activists welcomed a fresh look at the killing that shocked the country and stoked the civil rights movement, but acknowledged that the passage of time could hamper justice.
Hours after news broke about the renewed investigation, a federal official familiar with the matter told The Associated Press that information in the 2017 book was what led federal investigators to re-examine the case. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to AP on condition of anonymity.
The book "The Blood of Emmett Till" by Timothy B. Tyson quotes a white woman, Carolyn Donham, as saying during a 2008 interview that she wasn't truthful when she testified that the black teen grabbed her, whistled and made sexual advances at a Mississippi store six decades ago.
Tyson told reporters Thursday that he was contacted by the FBI weeks after his book was published in January 2017, and he furnished them interview recordings and other research materials. He doesn't think his research alone would support new charges but said investigators may be able to link it to other material in their possession.

Eight endangered black rhinos have died while being transported to a new wildlife reserve in Kenya.
They died after drinking water with high concentrations of salt, the Kenyan government says.
The animals were among 14 black rhinos being transported from Nairobi National Park to the country's biggest national park, Tsavo East.
Estimates suggest there are fewer than 5,500 black rhinos in the world, all of them in Africa and some 750 in Kenya.
Kenya Wildlife Service vets believe the more the animals drank, the thirstier they became, which quickly lead to salt poisoning, although an independent investigation has been launched to confirm the cause of death.
Kenyan conservationist Paula Kahumbu told AFP news agency: "Something must have gone wrong, and we want to know what it is."
The relocation of endangered animals involves sedating them for the journey and reviving them on arrival. The process is known as translocation.
The WWF conservation agency, which runs the programme with the Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS), described the process as "extremely challenging" in a statement released to Kenya's Daily Nation newspaper.
"Black rhinos are under enormous threat, so efforts to try and better protect them, such as translocation, are crucial for future generations," i said.
Rhinos are often moved when their populations outgrow their surroundings. In the case of critically endangered black rhinos, the moves can establish new breeding habitats to boost numbers.

President Donald Trump is “gaslighting” the planet about North Korea’s nukes, according to a well-connected analyst. So Congress is moving on multiple fronts to force the White House to come clean on its negotiations with Pyongyang.
A bipartisan group of lawmakers has introduced a bill that would, in the words of an aide involved in the process, give the administration some diplomatic “training wheels” and ensure that officials don’t agree to give away more concessions before North Korea’s nuclear capabilities are fully evaluated.
Meanwhile, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee is demanding an official assessment from the nation’s top intelligence chief on whether the president’s positive outlook on the negotiations holds water.
Trump claimed after his summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in Singapore that the nuclear threat from North Korea is “no longer”—despite his own White House’s claims to the contrary.
Jeffrey Lewis, a nonproliferation expert at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, compared the administration’s recent declarations of success regarding the negotiations to “gaslighting.”
“The statements coming out of the White House bear no relationship to reality whatsoever. It’s very clear that North Korea is expanding their capabilities [and] had a concrete plan to deceive the U.S. about locations and numbers.”
— Jeffrey Lewis
“The statements coming out of the White House bear no relationship to reality whatsoever,” said Lewis. “It’s very clear that the intelligence community is not just saying that North Korea is expanding their capabilities. They are also saying that North Korea had a concrete plan to deceive the U.S. about locations and numbers.”

Members of the soccer team saved from a Thailand cave are telling family members the boys only intended to be inside the cave for one hour, but were forced to run deeper into the cave when fast-moving water started flowing in. Speaking with "CBS This Morning," the father of the youngest survivor said the boys' soccer coach, Ake, tried to swim to find a way out for them, but the water was too fast and too deep, forcing him to turn around.
The father, named Tanawut, says his son, Titan, described the first three days in the cave as the hardest. The group was hungry and cold. The boys had trouble sleeping, and Titan cried, because he missed his mom and dad.
Tanawut says he's touched by the actions of the team's coach. Without him, the father says, he doesn't know how the kids could have survived.  
"Coach Ake hugged and encouraged him to be strong," Tanawut said.
Tanawut says Titan is doing well and asked where his coach was and how he was doing when he got out of the cave.
Thai health officials say overall, all the kids are in good mental and physical health.

The United States said Thursday that North Korea has already exceeded the annual cap allowed for oil imports, and asked the United Nations to order an immediate halt to all transfers of oil to the country.
The request underscores the U.S. determination to keep squeezing North Korea through existing economic sanctions to get Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons that threaten the United States. Although tensions have eased up since President Trump met North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in Singapore last month, talks on denuclearization have hit a rocky spot since then.
North Korea characterized U.S. attitudes as being “gangster-like” when Secretary of State Mike Pompeo visited Pyongyang a week ago, and suggested it might not be willing to denuclearize after all. Sanctions adherence has slipped as trade has increased along China’s border with North Korea, which has been evading sanctions through dozens of open-sea oil transfers that are prohibited under U.N. sanctions.
In Thursday’s report submitted to the U.N. committee responsible for monitoring North Korean sanctions, the United States said North Korean tankers filled up with oil using ship-to-ship transfers at least 89 times in the first five months of 2018.
According to a copy of the report seen by The Washington Post, U.S. officials calculated that even if the tankers carried only one-third of their full load, North Korea would have already exceeded the annual quota of 500,000 barrels allowed under U.N. sanctions.
