
President Donald Trump's persistence in pursuing friendly ties with Vladimir Putin has highlighted a growing disconnect within his administration over Russia policy. Trump speaks fondly of Putin and a desire for better relations with Moscow, but the rest of his executive branch remains highly critical and deeply suspicious of the Russian president and the Kremlin's intentions.
The stark contrast in approaches has been thrown into sharp relief as Trump and Putin prepare for their summit in Finland on Monday, amid unremitting criticism of Russia from Trump's State Department, Justice Department, Treasury Department and Defense Department.
That might be explained as a good cop-bad cop strategy with Russia. But the mixed messaging has left America's friends and allies confused, particularly after a contentious NATO summit where Trump questioned the value of the alliance that Putin has long denounced and sought to weaken.
Just three days before the Helsinki summit, the Justice Department announced the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers in special counsel Robert Muller's investigation into Moscow's meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. That brings to 25 the number of Russians charged in the investigation. Trump has denied any collusion with Russia and has repeatedly cited Putin's denials of any Russian interference in the campaign, suggesting there is little or nothing he can do to demand accountability. The Kremlin has denied that the Russian state interfered in the election.

The new indictment of Russian military officials who hacked Democrats during the 2016 presidential elections has Florida written all over it.
Two Florida Republicans and possibly a third — Rep. Brian Mast — play starring roles in the indictment, although none is named.
Unlike President Donald Trump‘s former political adviser Roger Stone and political operative Aaron Nevins, Mast’s identity is the least certain of any of the Florida Republicans hinted at in the indictment. The indictment released Friday details how a dozen Russian military officers used an online persona called “Guccifer 2.0” to disseminate information they stole from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the Democratic National Committee, which was led at the time by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.).
Almost as soon as the indictment was released Friday, Florida Republicans, Democrats and even allies of Mast speculated that the congressman’s campaign was likely implicated — in great part because a former campaign consultant for Mast admitted last year to The Wall Street Journal and then to POLITICO that he used some of the hacked information in 2016.
Mast, through a spokesman, denied a link.
Regardless of Mast’s potential involvement, the indictment shines a new light on the depths of Russia’s election meddling as well as the weaponization of information in U.S. political campaigns.

Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer on Friday called on President Trump to cancel his summit with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin in the wake 12 Russian intelligence officers being charged with conspiring to hack Democrats during the 2016 presidential campaign.
“Glad-handing with Vladimir Putin on the heels of these indictments would be an insult to our democracy,” Schumer (N.Y.) said in a statement less than an hour after Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein detailed the new charges at a midday news conference.
Trump is scheduled to meet with Putin on Monday in Helsinki. During a joint news conference Friday with British Prime Minister Theresa May in Britain, Trump told reporters he would raise the issue of Russian interference in the election with Putin but that he doesn’t expect a “Perry Mason” moment, where Putin confesses to meddling.
[Mueller probe indicts 12 Russians for hacking Democrats in 2016]
In his statement, Schumer called the latest indictments from the probe led by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III “further proof of what everyone but the president seems to understand: President Putin is an adversary who interfered in our elections to help President Trump win.”
“President Trump should cancel his meeting with Vladimir Putin until Russia takes demonstrable and transparent steps to prove that they won’t interfere in future elections,” Schumer said.

After a tumultuous few days on the world stage, President Donald Trump is set to spend the weekend out of the spotlight.
Trump arrived in Scotland late Friday night for the latest leg of a European trip that has thus far been marked by contentious talks with U.S. allies at the NATO summit in Brussels; public criticism of British Prime Minister Theresa May over trade and Brexit; mass demonstrations against his visit in London and the dramatic spectacle of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announcing a new raft of indictments in the Russia probe just as Trump was arriving at Windsor Castle for tea with Queen Elizabeth II.
The president was expected to enjoy some quiet rounds of golf at Trump Turnberry on Scotland’s west coast — one of his two championship-level resorts in the country — as he prepares for his summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki on Monday.
Describing golf as "my primary form of exercise," Trump wrote on Twitter: "The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin."
But many in Scotland were marking his visit with noisy demonstrations in Glasgow, a “carnival of resistance” in Edinburgh and rallies outside his coastal resorts in Turnberry, Ayrshire and Balmedie, Aberdeenshire.
Police Scotland has drafted 5,000 officers to provide extra security at a cost of up to $6.6 million.

A federal judge did not rule Friday on whether to punish the Trump administration for missing a court-ordered deadline to reunite dozens of young children separated from their parents, focusing instead on pushing the government to ensure the next round of reunifications happens properly and on time.
U.S. District Judge Dana Sabraw had ordered the administration to reunite all children under age 5 by Tuesday. The government didn't reunite the 57 children in that group until Thursday morning, prompting ACLU lawyers to request that the government be forced to pay for mental health counseling for the children as punishment.
Sabraw didn't address that request on Friday, offering only praise for the government's work thus far.
"There is substantial compliance," he said. "There is good faith being demonstrated. There is a collaborative process that's well underway."
The judge did make clear, however, that changes have to be made to make sure that all other minors — nearly 3,000 of them — are reunited with their parents by the final deadline of July 26. He asked the government to produce detailed lists of all minors and parents, with information about their current locations, and hand them over to the ACLU.

Two people were injured in what appear to be separate shark attacks at the same beach in Florida on Friday.
The two attacks happened just three minutes apart in Fernandina Beach, Florida, according to the city's fire department. While neither person who was bit could definitively say they were attacked by sharks, the fire department described them as "alleged shark bite incidents."
The first attack happened at about 3:35 p.m., and the second at about 3:38 p.m. about 1.2 miles farther south.
"Both patients are reportedly stable, with non-life-threatening injuries," the Fernandina Beach Fire Department said in a press release. "Neither patient could advise what type or size of marine life had caused their respective injuries."
The two people bitten were a 17-year-old boy and a 30-year-old man, according to Jacksonville ABC affiliate WJXX.
"He yelled, he like went down and he started hopping and he looked over at me and goes, 'I got bit, I got bit,' he started motioning toward the beach," eyewitness Tia Walker told WJXX of the 30-year-old, who was bit first.
"I was like, 'Holy crap, there’s a shark.'"

Two Georgia police officers have been placed on leave after video showed them using a coin-toss app before determining whether to arrest a woman caught speeding in April, and the police chief said he is "appalled" by the move.
"Why am I being arrested?" Sarah Webb is heard saying to Officer Courtney Brown in the bodycam footage posted by NBC affiliate WXIA of Atlanta, which first reported the story.
Webb, who said Friday she was speeding because she was late for her job at a hair salon, was arrested on charges of speeding, reckless driving and driving too fast for conditions, according to police records. On Monday, a prosecutor dismissed the charges, the station reported.
In the video posted by WXIA, Brown and another officer, Kristee Wilson, are heard discussing what they should do with Webb, and the Brown says that she doesn't have speed detection equipment and Wilson says she doesn't have any tickets.
The officers used the terms "A" or arrest for heads, and "R" for release for tails, according to the station. The video audio appears to show Wilson say "This is tail right?," Brown says, "Yeah. So release?" and then Wilson says "23," or a police code for arrest, WXIA reported.
"These are people who are supposed to protect us, and instead are treating our freedom and our lives like games," Webb, 24, told NBC News in a phone interview Friday. "It’s disgusting. It’s scary to think police officers do stuff like this."

A 17-month-old boy is dead after being left alone in a sweltering car in Pembroke Pines for about eight hours after one of his parents parked the car and went to work, police say.
Officials with Pembroke Pines police said the car was in the Memorial Hospital Pembroke parking lot on Friday near the 2200 block of North University Drive. First responders who received a call for medical assistance got to the baby around 5 p.m.
Temperatures were in the upper to mid 90s Friday afternoon., according to the National Weather Service.
According to Miami Herald’s news partner CBS4, the parent left the child strapped in the car seat, with the engine turned off and the windows rolled up, after arriving at work. About eight hours later, after realizing the child was still in the car, the parent called 911.
“Regrettably, CPR life-saving efforts and fire rescue transport did not prevent an unfortunate tragedy and the child was pronounced deceased,” the department said in a statement. “The investigation remains active.”
Police said the toddler’s parents, who have not been identified, have been questioned, released and have contacted a lawyer, Lawrence Hashish, according to the Sun Sentinel.
“We don’t know all the facts yet,” Hashish told the Sentinel.

President Trump, at his luxury seaside golf course here, turned his eye to domestic politics Saturday morning — attacking former president Barack Obama, questioning the FBI, torching CNN and bragging about his 2016 win. 
With country roads to the golf course cordoned off, and aides mum about the president’s activities on a sunny Saturday morning, he gave a lens into his mind around 11 a.m. local time. He also said on Twitter that he planned to golf. 
“The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration,” the president tweeted, about Friday’s federal indictments against 12 Russian intelligence agents charged with hacking into the Democratic National Committee servers and stealing emails.
Trump did not criticize the actions of the Russian spies nor President Vladimir Putin, who he will see on Monday in Helsinki, for a meeting and news conference that many of Trump’s advisers have warned against. He instead focused his criticism on Obama, as he did on Friday when asked about the Russia’s seizure of Crimea. 
The president has resisted calls from some Democrats and Republicans to call off the Putin meeting after the indictments were handed down in Washington. Nor has the president outlined a comprehensive plan for what his administration will do to keep such meddling from happening again. 

The 12 boys and their soccer coach who were recently rescued from a cave in northern Thailand have appeared in video messages from their hospital beds, in which they each thanked officials and well-wishers for their help and support.
Clad in patient gowns and surgical masks, the boys sat up in their beds at a hospital in Chiang Rai province as they individually gave brief statements, filmed Friday and released by officials at a press conference Saturday.
Adul Sam-on, 14, delivered his in English.
"Hello, I am Adul," he said to the camera. "Now, I am very fine. I am very thank you for help me. Thank you so much."
The other boys, who spoke in Thai, echoed Adul's sentiments of gratitude and joy, and mentioned which foods they look forward to eating.
"I am healthy," said Panumas Saengdee, 13. "Thank you for worrying about us and coming to help us. Don't worry anymore. I am safe now."
"I want to eat [crispy pork belly stir fry]," said Pornchai Kamluang, 16. "Thank you everybody who support us and who send us inspiration. We want to thank you."
"I am healthy," said Sompong Jaiwong, 13. "I want to eat [stir-fried pork with basil and fried egg]. I want to thank you everybody who give us support and everybody from all over the world who come to helps us. Thank you."
The boys' 25-year-old coach, Ekapol Chanthawong, gave his thanks to doctors, the Royal Thai Navy and the prime minister.

The etiquette and behavior of President Donald Trump have come under scrutiny after he met Queen Elizabeth II during his two day official visit to the U.K.
Trump, who became the 13th U.S. president the Queen has met during her 66 year reign, visited the British monarch at Windsor Castle in the English county of Berkshire following his meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May.
After making the Queen wait for around 15 minutes, social media users were also critical of Trump as he was being shown the Guard of Honor by the Queen.
After using her hands to direct him the right way, footage shows Trump turning his back on the Queen, then stopping right in front of her and cutting off her path, awkwardly forcing the 92-year-old to walk around him.
Despite only lasting a few seconds, the moment was jumped upon by Twitter users, with many questioning whether Trump actually broke royal protocol at Windsor Castle.
Many also asked whether Trump should have bowed his head when he met the Queen outside the castle.

PROUDLY posing in her Brownie uniform, Novichok ­poison victim Dawn Sturgess is the picture of innocence.
In another snap, her natural maternal instinct is evident as she cradles her baby sister as they sit astride a tractor on a family day out.
Novichok poison victim Dawn Sturgess was fatally poisoned by a deadly Russian nerve agent in Salisbury
These photos, never published before, also show the pretty blonde ­holding her own child — a ­picture of health and happiness.
But soon after, her life would spiral out of control as she turned to drink to cope with postnatal depression following the birth of Aidan, now 23.
Dawn, described as a “gentle soul”, battled the illness for two decades.
And only days before she was fatally poisoned by a deadly Russian nerve agent in Salisbury, she gave her family hope that she was finally turning her life around.
Police launch murder inquiry after Dawn Sturgess,44 , dies following exposure to the nerve agent novichok
She had been receiving treatment for her alcoholism and had plans to move out of her hostel into a flat.
