
President Trump kicked off his two-day visit with NATO allies by doing exactly what many of them feared, worsening tensions within the alliance by claiming that Germany, a bulwark of the transatlantic democratic order, "is totally controlled by" and "captive to Russia."
Trump, who often goes on the attack by accusing someone of behavior he has been accused of, irked allies last month by suggesting that Russia should be readmitted to the G-7, and is set to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki on Monday. He began a series of meetings with NATO leaders here Wednesday by suggesting during a welcome breakfast that a natural gas pipeline project has made Germany subservient to Russia.
He did not name the project, but appeared to be referring to the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which would transport Russian gas to Germany's Baltic coast and dramatically increase the amount of gas Russia is able to export directly to Germany. The U.S. and some European Union countries oppose the project.
“Germany is totally controlled by Russia,” Trump said. “You tell me if that’s appropriate because I think it’s not.”
Trump’s posture toward close allies has been remarkably confrontational, especially in comparison to his more conciliatory approach to adversaries, including Russia and North Korea.

The first footage has emerged from the hospital where 12 Thai boys and their coach are being treated after their dramatic rescue from a flooded cave.
Several boys can be seen in facemasks and hospital gowns, at least one giving a victory sign for the camera.
Meanwhile, reports say the boys and the coach were sedated to stop them panicking during the dangerous rescue.
The Thai Navy Seals also released new video showing the three-day rescue operation that captivated the world.
Sources in the rescue operation, including divers who took part, told the BBC that the boys were heavily sedated ahead of the rescue to prevent them panicking in the dark, narrow, underwater passageways.
They were then strapped to one of two rescue divers tasked with shepherding each of them through the underwater parts of the system, and bundled into stretchers to be carried through the dry parts.
There were conflicting reports in the hours after the rescue about the extent to which the boys had been medicated before they were brought out.

China is clearly angry about Washington’s hard line on trade, but has controlled coverage of the row in its media, limiting open commentary and banning attacks on U.S. President Donald Trump, several sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Beijing has issued unusually strict rules limiting coverage of the trade war because of worries that unrestrained reporting could spark instability or roil its already jittery financial markets, according to sources within Chinese state media.
“When exposing and criticizing American words and actions, be careful not to link it to Trump and instead to aim it at the U.S. government,” said a memo based on a set of directives issued verbally by government officials that was circulated to reporters at a state-run news outlet and seen by Reuters.
Media outlets must help “stabilize the economy, growth, employment, stabilize foreign trade, investment, finance, stabilize the stock market, the foreign exchange market, the housing market, and basically stabilize the peoples’ thinking, hearts and expectations”, it said.

U.S. stock futures fell sharply on Wednesday, July 11, and global stocks tumbled following the latest escalation in trade war rhetoric from the White House, which published a list of $200 billion worth of China-made goods it said will be hit with fresh tariffs.
The list, which includes products across sectors such as consumer technology, agriculture and automobile parts and equipment, came just days after Donald Trump unveiled $34 billion in tariffs on Chinese goods that were immediately reciprocated by Beijing.
"For over a year, the Trump administration has patiently urged China to stop its unfair practices, open its market, and engage in true market competition," U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said in a statement. "Rather than address our legitimate concerns, China has begun to retaliate against U.S. products ... There is no justification for such action."
China's Commerce Ministry said Wednesday that the latest tariff threat was "bad for China, the U.S. and the rest of the world" and promised to retaliate with both "quantitative and qualitative" measures.
Contracts tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average  slumped 195 points, futures for the S&P 500  fell 17.50 points and Nasdaq futures were down 53.75 points.
The economic calendar in the U.S. on Wednesday includes the Producer Price Index for June at 8:30 a.m. ET, Wholesale Trade for May at 10 a.m., and Oil Inventories for the week ended July 6, at 10:30 a.m.

A faint whimper in the darkness was all it took. Missoula County Sheriff's Deputy Ross Jessop and U.S. Forest Service Law Enforcement Officer Nick Scholz rushed toward the sound after hours spent searching the Montana woods for a missing infant.
Jessop was about to take another step when he heard a stick crack underfoot. He looked down to find a cold, wet, soiled 5-month-old boy face-down buried under a pile of debris.
"I abandoned any police training or any chance of saving evidence there - I didn't care," Jessop, a father of three, told reporters on Tuesday. "I scooped up the baby, made sure he was breathing. He had a sparkle in his eye. (I) warmed him up, gave him a couple of kisses and just held him."
The baby, who had been abandoned for at least nine hours before Jessop and Scholz found him at 2:30 a.m. Sunday, was cold, hungry and had scrapes and bruises, but was otherwise in good condition. They wrapped him in a coat and carried the boy out of the woods to safety.
"It was the happiest 15-20 minutes of my career," Scholz said of the walk out. "I was just stunned. Walking in to this situation, you were mentally prepared for the worst."

Even though Yale Law School published a press release touting the accomplishments of Brett Kavanaugh, its alumnus and President Donald Trump’s new Supreme Court nominee, not everyone at the school is singing his praises.
As of Tuesday night, more than 200 students, staff members and alumni of Yale Law School signed an open letter calling for the institution to rescind its apparent support of Kavanaugh. 
The letter, addressed to the law school’s leadership and Dean Heather Gerken, argued that Kavanaugh, as a possible Supreme Court justice, puts American democracy in danger and called his nomination an “emergency.”
“The press release’s focus on the nominee’s professionalism, pedigree, and service to Yale Law School obscures the true stakes of his nomination and raises a disturbing question,” the letter’s authors wrote. “Is there nothing more important to Yale Law School than its proximity to power and prestige?”
The letter cited several of Kavanaugh’s past opinions, arguing that his conservative bias would place past Supreme Court rulings at risk. It also claimed Kavanaugh would act as a “rubber stamp for President Trump’s fraud and abuse,” pointing to the judge’s support for expanding presidential power.
“At a time when the President and his associates are under investigation for various serious crimes, including colluding with the Russian government and obstructing justice, Judge Kavanaugh’s extreme deference to the Executive poses a direct threat to our democracy,” the letter read.

Authorities placed an Illinois police officer on desk duty Monday night after video surfaced of him standing idly by as a man harassed a woman wearing a shirt with the Puerto Rican flag. The footage, captured on Facebook Live last month, has gone viral, and it even drew the attention of Puerto Rico's governor. 
The June 14 video, which runs 36 minutes long, shows an irate man approaching Mia Irizarry as she waited for her family at a picnic area in the Forest Preserves of Cook County to celebrate her 24th birthday. Among other things, he tells Irizarry to not wear a T-shirt celebrating Puerto Rico if she's an American citizen -- despite the territory being part of the U.S. 
"You should not be wearing that in the United States of America," he said. "Are you a citizen?" 
"Yes I am," Irizarry replied.
"Then you should not be wearing that. You should be wearing United States of America flag," he said. 
An officer from the Forest Preserves arrived, but video shows he didn't intervene, even as the man invaded Irizarry's personal space and continued to harangue her. Irizarry can be overheard saying on the video that's she's "uncomfortable" several times, but the officer does nothing.

The government missed its deadline Tuesday to reunify all 98 immigrant children under 5 years old with their parents from whom they were separated at the border, but a federal judge is giving the administration more time because the process of finding and vetting the parents is proving difficult.
The Justice Department said in court filings Tuesday that the government is in the process of rejoining 51 small children with their parents — about half of the total. The parents of these 51 kids are in immigration detention and have been judged safe and fit to receive their children.
Among the reasons the government gave as to why the others cannot be reunified: Twelve parents have already been deported, eight parents were released into the United States, eight parents have criminal histories, five adults were determined not to be the parent of the child, and 10 parents are in state or federal criminal custody.
Despite the delay, Judge Dana Sabraw said in his San Diego courtroom, "Everyone is rowing in the same direction."
But he reiterated: "The families were improperly separated" during President Trump's "zero tolerance" policy when the government removed children from parents who crossed the border illegally to seek asylum. Federal officials acknowledged the harsh action was taken as a deterrent to future crossers. The president signed an executive order on June 20 that halted child separation after an international outcry and members of his own party objected.

Watching President Trump's diplomatic maneuvers -- in Singapore last month and in the runup to his meetings over the next week in Brussels and Helsinki -- I wonder whether analysts have been making a mistake explaining his bargaining style in terms of the brash young personality described in his 1987 memoir, "The Art of the Deal."
The Trump we're watching is a much needier person than the youthful tycoon who vaulted to the top of the world. The current version of Trump sees himself as chief executive not of a thriving enterprise, but of one that has nearly been run into the ground by his predecessors. Rather than warmly embracing longtime partners in Europe, he resents them and their success. He picks needless fights and tries to humiliate people he feels have slighted him.
This scarred, prickly Trump is looking for new friends and investors. It's almost as if he's ready to fold what he sees as a losing hand and draw a fresh set of cards -- ones in this case bearing the faces of North Korea's Kim Jong Un, China's Xi Jinping and Russia's Vladimir Putin.
Perhaps the Trump book to read these days is his 1997 memoir of life as a near-bankrupt, "The Art of the Comeback." The author is feisty, but he's also wounded. He has bluffed and bargained his way back from the brink. But he's made a lot of enemies in the process. Many of his former lenders mistrust him. In the book, he's already hanging out with Russian, Chinese and Arab big-shots who may be able to recapitalize his business.

Boris Johnson stares into the distance, his brow furrowed, a lamp softly illuminating his features and a document in front of him. The image is pensive, deliberate and staged, and somewhat unusual as political portraits go. After all, most politicians don’t sit for resignation photos.
Mr. Johnson, who stepped down as Britain’s foreign secretary on Monday, has come under criticism for a series of portraits taken the day of his resignation, one of which appeared on the front page of The Daily Telegraph on Tuesday. The pictures show Mr. Johnson sitting at a desk with a pen and copy of his resignation letter at the official residence of the foreign secretary.
The flamboyant politician’s departure came in protest of Prime Minister Theresa May’s moderate approach to Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union, known as Brexit, and has deepened the crisis facing her government. Mr. Johnson’s political opponents quickly seized on the pictures as evidence of self-interest.
“The fact that @BorisJohnson arranged for a photo shoot of himself signing his resignation letter for the front pages tells us everything we need to know about him,” said David Lammy, a Labour lawmaker, on Twitter.

A German court on Wednesday found the main defendant in a high-profile neo-Nazi trial guilty over the killing of 10 people -- most of them migrants -- who were gunned down between 2000 and 2007 in a case that shocked Germany and prompted accusations of institutional racism in the country's security agencies. Judges sentenced Beate Zschaepe to life in prison for murder, membership of a terrorist organization, bomb attacks that injured dozens and several lesser crimes including a string of robberies.
Four men were found guilty of supporting the group in various ways and sentenced to prison terms of between 2½ and 10 years.
Presiding judge Manfred Goetzl told a packed Munich courtroom that Zschaepe's guilt weighed particularly heavily, meaning she is likely to serve at least a 15-year sentence.
The 43-year-old showed no emotion as Goetzl read out her sentence. A number of far-right activists attending the trial clapped when one of the co-accused, Andre Eminger, received a lower sentence than expected.
Zschaepe was arrested in 2011, shortly after her two accomplices were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide. Together with the men, Uwe Mundlos and Uwe Boehnhardt, she had formed the National Socialist Underground, a group that pursued an ideology of white racial supremacy by targeting migrants, mostly of Turkish origin.

Just days ago, the situation had seemed impossible. Twelve boys and their coach were trapped deep in a flooded cave, their oxygen supplies dwindling and torrential rain on the way.
By Tuesday, Thailand was jubilantly celebrating the rescue of all 13, an audacious undertaking that swelled national pride — but also gratitude and humility for an operation that was an international effort.
Officials called it a model for global cooperation. International journalists covering the event broke into spontaneous, emotional applause at a news conference by Thai officials after the last of the stranded group was brought to the surface.
The drama had begun on June 23 for members of the Wild Boars soccer team, ages 11 to 16, and their coach, Ekapol Chanthawong, 25. The happy ending came Tuesday evening when the last five of the group were taken from the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Thailand, triggering joy and celebration across the country.
It had been a daring operation, in which children equipped with diving gear — some of the boys had to be taught to swim — were ushered through a dangerous tunnel system that would challenge the most experienced cave divers.
Rescue experts and divers from around the world took part in the carefully planned operation, with each boy flanked by two rescue divers on the way to the surface.
“We are not sure if this is a miracle, a science, or what. All the 13 Wild Boars are now out of the cave,” the Thai navy SEALs posted after the rescue effort.
