
After surviving 17 days inside a flooded cave in northern Thailand, the final members of a Thai boys soccer team and their coach were rescued Tuesday.
The final five stranded members of the team — four boys and their coach — were helped out by rescue divers on Tuesday evening local time, ending a three-day rescue operation.
The third day saw the rescue run quicker and more smoothly than ever before. The total turnaround for the final five was around 8 hours, 30 minutes.
The Thai navy confirmed the news followed by the slogan "Hooyah."
All 12 boys and the coach were taken straight to hospital from the mouth of the cave in Chiang Rai province, near the Myanmar border.
They were followed hours later by rescue divers and medics, who stayed in the cave to dismantle the apparatus of the mission.
At around 9.30 p.m. local time, authorities held a press conference where they confirmed that everybody was out and celebrated "mission accomplished."
At the celebration press conference, mission chief Narongsak Osotanakorn also paid tribute to former Thai Navy SEAL Saman Kunan, who died on a mission to get oxygen to the stranded team members.

Over a dozen years as a judge on the federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., Brett Kavanaugh has weighed in on controversial cases involving guns, abortion, health care and religious liberty.
But after Kavanaugh emerged on President Trump's shortlist for the Supreme Court, a suggestion the judge made in a 2009 law review article swiftly took center stage:
"Provide sitting presidents with a temporary deferral of civil suits and of criminal prosecutions and investigations," Kavanaugh proposed.
The judge emphasized that no one is above the law, but he pointed out that the Constitution already provides a solution if there's a scoundrel in the White House.
"If the president does something dastardly, the impeachment process is available," he wrote.
That matters now — especially to Democrats mulling whether to oppose Kavanaugh's nomination to the highest court in the nation — because Trump is facing a special counsel probe into Russian election interference in 2016 and whether anyone in Trump campaign took part.
Kavanaugh already has checked virtually every box in the conservative legal establishment at only 53 years old.

President Donald Trump said his easiest meeting on his foreign trip to Europe this week may be his talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin—not the British prime minister or his Nato allies. Trump spoke to reporters Tuesday before leaving for the NATO summit in Brussels, the first stop on his European tour which will then take him to Britain for talks with Theresa May before meeting Putin in Finland next Monday. Trump has been strongly critical of NATO, and the U.K. government is currently in crisis following two high profile resignations from May's cabinet—foreign secretary Boris Johnson and Brexit minister David Davis. "I have NATO. I have the U.K., which is in somewhat turmoil," he said. "And I have Putin. Frankly, Putin may be the easiest of them all. Who would think?" Trump was asked if he sees Putin as a friend or foe, to which he replied: "I really can't say right now, as far as I'm concerned, a competitor. A competitor."

Tesla now wants to build a factory in China with an annual production capacity of 500,000 vehicles, according to reports. The planned project comes just one day after Tesla hiked prices for the Model S and Model X in China due to a brewing trade war with the U.S.
Tesla is set to sign a memorandum of understanding for the project with local entities in Shanghai, according to Bloomberg, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter. The South China Morning Post reported that Tesla had already signed an agreement to set up the new factory in Lingang New City.
A spokesperson for Tesla didn’t immediately respond to a request from Jalopnik. We’ll update the post if we hear back.
CEO Elon Musk was in the city for an event on Tuesday, Bloomberg reported this week, amid the early stages of a fledgling trade war between Tesla’s home base in the U.S. and China.

A 5-month-old infant who had been buried under piles of sticks and debris in Montana wilderness was miraculously found alive — at least nine hours later.
Police received reports of a man “acting strange” around Lolo Hot Springs, Montana, around 8 p.m. Saturday. As they headed to the area, more reports came in saying the man was threatening people, claiming to have a gun.
Francis Carlton Crowley, 32, had left the area by the time Missoula County Sheriff's Office deputies arrived. Even more concerning: A 5-month-old baby boy that was left in Crowley's care hadn’t been seen for several hours.
When deputies were able to locate him, police said he appeared intoxicated and made statements indicating the baby might be buried somewhere in the mountains. A host of departments, including local Search and Rescue officers as well as members of the United States Forest Service, came together to look for the missing infant. 
“After more than 6 hours of searching on foot, a deputy heard the faint cry of a baby," police said in a statement. "He followed the sound and found the baby alive, face down, buried under a pile of sticks and debris.”

President Donald Trump said Tuesday that the solution to the government’s failure to meet a deadline for reunifying separated undocumented parents with their children is for such migrants to stop entering the U.S. illegally in the first place.
“Well, I have a solution. Tell people not to come to our country illegally. That's the solution. Don't come to our country illegally. Come like other people do. Come legally,” he told reporters on the White House’s south lawn Tuesday morning as he departed for his weeklong trip to Europe. “I'm saying this very simply: We have laws. We have borders. Don't come to our country illegally. It's not a good thing.”
The president and his administration have come under heavy bipartisan criticism in recent weeks over their policy of referring for criminal prosecution all people crossing the border illegally, a practice that led to the separation of thousands of children from their parents. After initially defending the practice and falsely insisting that only Congress could end it, the president bowed to public pressure and signed an executive order mandating that families be kept together.

A 21-year-old Mississippi man who stabbed his mother and grandmother in a federal government office was then shot to death by a security guard, authorities said.
Pike County Coroner Jason Jones said Branen Carter died of the gunshot wound Monday.
Carter was at the Social Security Administration office in McComb with his mother and grandmother.
Jones said another relative told him the mother and grandmother had an appointment there, and gave Carter a ride.
The family came from Foxworth, about 40 miles east of McComb.
Carter’s mother, Lee Anna Turnage, and grandmother, Ann Carter, were in stable condition at Southwest Mississippi Regional Medical Center in McComb, The Mississippi Clarion Ledger reported.
Large numbers of law enforcement officers responded to the one-story brick building on the edge of McComb, about 100 miles south of Jackson.
Director of Communications for the Federal Protective Service, Robert Sperling, told The Clarion Ledger that his agency has a long history of using armed security guards at federal agencies it oversees.

Police in Delaware are investigating after five people were found dead inside a home on Monday night. CBS Philadelphia reports that a neighbor says a boy, who was supposed to stay at the home, discovered the bodies, at the residence on the 2700 block of Ferris Road around 7:30 p.m.
"A neighbor said she watched him get out of a red truck, go inside the house and then rush right back out, so apparently he had to have found them 'cause no one else was around," said neighbor Alisha Garvin.
State Police Sgt. Richard Bratz tells news outlets that officers were called out Monday night to the home in Prices Corner. Police discovered the bodies of a 42-year-old man, a 41-year-old woman and three children all younger than 8 years old.
All five were found upstairs inside the residence. Their bodies have been taken to Delaware's Division of Forensic Science for autopsies. Their names are being withheld while relatives are notified.
"The Delaware State Police Homicide Unit is continuing their investigation into this incident. At this time, there is no concern for safety in the surrounding area," police said in a news release.

Boris Johnson stepped down as Britain’s foreign minister on Monday, warning that Britain will end up like a colony to the European Union after the government announced plans for a close trading relationship with the bloc after Brexit next year.
Below is the text of his resignation letter to Prime Minister Theresa May, a copy of which Johnson released on Twitter.
Dear Theresa,
It is more than two years since the British people voted to leave the European Union on an unambiguous and categorical promise that if they did so they would be taking back control of their democracy.
They were told that they would be able to manage their own immigration policy, repatriate the sums of UK cash currently spent by the EU, and, above all, that they would be able to pass laws independently and in the interests of the people of this country.
Brexit should be about opportunity and hope. It should be a chance to do things differently, to be more nimble and dynamic, and to maximise the particular advantages of the UK as an open, outward-looking global economy.
That dream is dying, suffocated by needless self-doubt.

An Israeli man on his honeymoon was killed and his wife seriously injured in a freak accident involving a zip line in Honduras, according to reports.
Egael Tishman, 24, and Shif Fanken, 27, collided with each other Thursday over a treetop canopy near Roatan, according to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency.
The newlywed couple was reportedly on a cruise that stopped in the popular tourist destination, about 160 miles from Tegucigalpa.
Officials said that Fanken became stuck on the zip line cable and her husband crashed into her.
“The girl stayed halfway on the cable and the guy came from behind and hit her,” local firefighter Wilmer Guerrero told La Prensa newspaper. 
Fankan was rushed to a hospital in serious condition and later airlifted to another facility in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

At least 157 people are dead in western Japan and dozens are still missing after record rainfall that sparked flash floods and mudslides over the weekend, officials said, according to broadcaster NHK.
Search efforts were continuing for at least 57 others are still missing, most in hardest-hit Hiroshima prefecture, where dozens of people have died. The Japan Times reports rescuers on Tuesday were looking for people stranded in homes and in flooded areas that had not yet drained.
The newspaper says that the number of dead is the highest for a rain-related event in the country since 1982.
Authorities on Tuesday were also struggling to restore utilities to the flood-stricken areas.
At an emergency meeting Tuesday in Tokyo, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the federal government would streamline the process for emergency aid.
"We will assess the needs of victims and push for quick reconstruction," Abe vowed.
According to Reuters, electricity has been restored to all but 3,500 customers, but more than 200,000 remain without water.
"There have been requests for setting up air-conditioners due to rising temperatures above 30 degrees [86 degrees F] today, and at the same time we need to restore lifelines," Finance Minister Taro Aso told reporters after a Cabinet meeting, according to the news agency.

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo used an unannounced trip to Afghanistan on Monday to step up the Trump administration’s calls for peace talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban.
Flying into Kabul after visiting Vietnam, Pompeo made the appeal in meetings with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah.
"The United States will support, facilitate and participate in these discussions," Pompeo later told journalists, stressing that any talks would be "Afghan-led and Afghan-owned."
Pompeo added: "The region and the world are all tired of what are taking place here in the same way that the Afghan people are no longer interested in seeing war."
However, it remains unclear how the Taliban will take such an offer after nearly 17 years of war. The U.S. invaded Afghanistan following the Sept. 11 terror attacks by al-Qaida, which the Taliban government at the time had harbored.
Since then, the insurgents have repeatedly rejected such calls, demanding direct talks with the United States.
